6
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	5
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	4
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?	5
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?	4
What is the full form of .com ?	3
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	1
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?	1
What is the oldest profession ?	1
What are liver enzymes ?	5
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .	1
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?	2
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	5
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?	1
Who killed Gandhi ?	1
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	4
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	0
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	5
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	2
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	5
What is an annotated bibliography ?	5
What is the date of Boxing Day ?	2
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?	4
Name 11 famous martyrs .	1
What 's the Olympic motto ?	5
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?	5
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?	4
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	1
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?	0
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .	4
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	0
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	3
What does a spermologer collect ?	4
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	2
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?	1
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?	2
What do Mormons believe ?	5
When did the neanderthal man live ?	2
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?	4
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	0
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?	4
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	5
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?	4
How many people in the world speak French ?	2
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?	2
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	5
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	1
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?	4
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?	1
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?	5
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	4
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?	0
What is ethology ?	5
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	1
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	5
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?	1
What is the nature of learning ?	5
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?	4
What 's the term for a young fox ?	4
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?	0
What is the Kashmir issue ?	5
Where is the Loop ?	0
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?	5
What country 's capital is Tirana ?	0
What is titanium ?	5
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?	1
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister�city with Los Angeles ?	0
What is a caldera ?	5
Why do people get calluses ?	5
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?	0
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?	5
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?	0
Who is the founder of Scientology ?	1
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?	4
What is the history of skateboarding ?	5
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?	1
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?	5
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?	1
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?	4
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?	5
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .	0
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?	4
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?	2
What is the origin of head lice ?	5
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?	0
What was the first domesticated bird ?	4
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?	2
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?	0
What is a fear of shadows ?	4
Who were the five Marx brothers ?	1
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?	2
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?	2
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?	5
What are bear and bull markets ?	5
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?	4
What is `` dew point '' ?	5
What is the meaning of Jesus ?	5
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?	1
What is the definition of a cascade ?	5
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?	2
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?	0
Who invented Make-up ?	1
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?	5
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?	5
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?	4
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?	1
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?	1
How do you make a paintball ?	5
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?	0
What is a female rabbit called ?	4
Where is the highest point in Japan ?	0
Where do chihuahuas come from ?	5
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?	0
What are the world 's four oceans ?	0
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?	4
What is the largest snake in the world ?	4
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?	4
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?	0
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?	2
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?	4
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?	5
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?	0
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	4
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?	5
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	2
How do chickens have baby chicks ?	5
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?	5
How was the element calcium named ?	5
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?	1
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?	1
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?	2
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?	4
What is a transistor ?	5
What is a film starring Jude Law ?	4
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?	4
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?	4
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?	2
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?	1
What are equity securities ?	5
What is gymnophobia ?	5
How many years do fossils take to form ?	2
Where is the Orinoco ?	0
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	4
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?	0
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?	4
What is the origin of the word , JJ .	5
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?	2
How you can raise your IQ ?	5
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?	3
Who produces Spumante ?	1
Who earns their money the hard way ?	1
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?	1
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?	1
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?	2
Who discovered electricity ?	1
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?	4
Who was the first American in space ?	1
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?	0
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?	4
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .	4
What is a dental root canal ?	5
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?	4
What is the busiest air travel season ?	2
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?	4
What are hook worms ?	5
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?	0
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?	1
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?	1
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?	0
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?	2
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	2
Where are the 49 steps ?	0
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?	2
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?	1
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?	1
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?	4
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?	1
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?	5
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?	5
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?	2
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?	0
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?	0
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?	4
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?	1
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?	1
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?	5
What is the 401 , K , plan ?	5
What causes pneumonia ?	5
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?	2
What does gringo mean ?	5
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?	0
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?	4
Where is the Kalahari desert ?	0
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?	1
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?	0
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?	4
Who created Dennis the Menace ?	1
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?	1
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?	2
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?	0
How do I start a web based business ?	5
Name Alvin 's brothers	1
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?	5
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?	5
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?	2
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?	1
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?	1
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?	2
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?	4
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?	5
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?	1
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?	4
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?	4
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?	0
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?	5
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?	5
How many species of sharks are there ?	2
What is `` snoogans '' ?	5
How many people are there in the world ?	2
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?	4
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?	1
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?	5
What does S.O.S. stand for ?	3
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?	4
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?	5
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?	5
What four forms does gold occur in ?	4
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?	2
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?	5
When did beethoven die ?	2
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?	2
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?	0
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?	5
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?	1
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?	5
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?	1
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?	2
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?	0
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?	0
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?	4
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?	1
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?	4
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?	4
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?	2
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?	5
Where was George Washington born ?	0
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .	2
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?	1
What is paracetamol ?	5
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?	5
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .	4
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?	2
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?	1
What is the origin of the name Katie ?	5
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .	1
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?	2
Who is Terrence Malick ?	1
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?	4
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .	5
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?	4
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?	0
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?	2
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?	3
When did World War I start ?	2
How many feet are there in a fathom ?	2
What is a Canada two-penny black ?	5
What European city do Nicois live in ?	0
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?	5
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?	5
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?	4
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?	1
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?	4
What did brontosauruses eat ?	4
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?	4
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?	1
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?	1
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?	1
What is molybdenum ?	5
When is Boxing Day ?	2
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?	4
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?	2
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?	2
What 's the official animal of Canada ?	4
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?	2
What is the size of the largest akita ?	2
What animal has the biggest eyes ?	4
What is California 's capital ?	0
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?	1
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?	1
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?	0
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?	5
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?	5
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?	0
What do Italians call Florence ?	4
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?	5
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?	3
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?	0
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?	4
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?	4
What city did the Flintstones live in ?	0
What is Latin for incompetent ?	4
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?	4
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?	1
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?	4
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?	1
What is the abbreviation for micro ?	3
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?	4
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?	1
What does NASDAQ stand for ?	3
What is BPH ?	3
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?	4
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?	0
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?	1
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?	5
What was Einstein 's IQ ?	2
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?	2
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?	1
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?	0
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?	4
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?	0
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?	1
How did the tradition of best man start ?	5
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?	2
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?	0
What are Halloween 's colors ?	4
How is silk screening done ?	5
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	2
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?	1
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?	0
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?	1
How do you match a name to a social security number ?	5
How does a rainbow form ?	5
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?	2
What is the population of Ohio ?	2
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?	2
Hazmat stands for what ?	5
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?	4
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?	1
Who followed Caesar ?	1
What are the four elements ?	4
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?	1
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?	4
What is Answers.com 's address ?	0
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?	0
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?	1
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?	1
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?	4
Who invented the radio ?	1
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	2
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?	4
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?	5
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?	1
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	2
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?	4
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?	1
What ocean is the largest in the world ?	0
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?	1
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?	2
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?	2
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?	5
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?	1
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?	1
Define the Pheonix Club ?	5
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?	0
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?	5
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?	4
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?	1
How successful is arometherapy ?	5
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?	4
How does a copier work ?	5
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	2
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?	1
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?	4
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?	1
Where does chocolate come from ?	0
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?	4
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?	1
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?	0
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?	4
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?	1
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?	2
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?	1
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?	3
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?	0
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?	1
What is the function of RAM ?	5
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?	0
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?	2
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?	4
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	4
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?	5
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?	1
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?	1
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?	4
Where is Basque country located ?	0
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?	4
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?	2
What is dry ice ?	5
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?	4
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?	5
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?	2
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?	4
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?	0
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three	2
What is the longest-running television series ?	4
What predators exist on Antarctica ?	4
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?	5
How is energy created ?	5
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?	4
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	2
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12	4
What are the different types of plastic ?	4
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?	5
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?	0
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?	0
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?	0
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?	2
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?	1
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?	4
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?	0
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?	1
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .	5
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?	0
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?	5
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?	0
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?	5
What year did Hitler die ?	2
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?	1
What kind of animal is Babar ?	4
What is Jane Goodall known for ?	5
What killed Bob Marley ?	4
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?	2
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?	1
Who is Stein Eriksen ?	1
What does the name Billie mean ?	5
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?	1
What is the highest peak in Africa ?	0
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?	0
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?	0
What do bicornate animals have two of ?	4
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?	5
What is a fear of weakness ?	4
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?	2
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?	2
What does G.M.T. stand for ?	3
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?	5
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?	4
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?	4
How do I tie dye clothes ?	5
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?	2
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?	5
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?	1
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?	1
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?	0
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?	5
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?	1
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?	0
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?	4
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?	4
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?	0
What makes popcorn pop ?	5
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?	1
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?	4
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?	0
Who painted Mother and Child ?	1
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?	2
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?	0
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?	0
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?	4
What was Mao 's second name ?	1
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?	4
Where do hyenas live ?	0
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?	1
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?	4
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?	1
What are Maid-Rites ?	5
What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?	4
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?	1
How many referees work a soccer game ?	2
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?	4
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?	4
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?	5
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?	5
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?	2
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?	1
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?	4
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?	4
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?	1
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?	1
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?	0
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?	1
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?	4
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?	1
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?	0
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	2
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?	1
What is the Jewish bible called ?	4
Why is the grass green ?	5
What is a firewall ?	5
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?	1
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?	1
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?	2
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	1
What was known as the Spice Island ?	0
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?	1
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	1
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?	4
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?	4
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?	1
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?	0
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?	4
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?	4
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	2
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?	4
What do economists do ?	5
What country has the largest sheep population ?	0
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?	5
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?	0
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?	2
What does SIDS stand for ?	3
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?	4
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?	2
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?	5
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?	0
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?	4
Who is the president of Stanford University ?	1
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?	1
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?	4
What city is Logan Airport in ?	0
What is a nanometer ?	5
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?	2
When did CNN go on the air ?	2
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?	0
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?	2
Who invented baseball ?	1
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?	2
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?	4
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?	2
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?	0
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?	5
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?	5
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .	4
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?	1
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?	5
What is a fear of thunder ?	4
What animal has killed the most people ?	4
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?	2
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	0
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?	0
When was the Battle of Hastings ?	2
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?	4
When did Muhammad live ?	2
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?	4
What is a wop ?	5
Where do rocks come from ?	5
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?	5
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?	0
What is the best college in the country ?	1
What is viscosity ?	5
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?	4
What are the Nordic nations ?	0
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?	0
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?	0
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .	4
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	2
What is a fear of bees ?	4
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?	4
What is a green bog ?	5
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?	0
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?	4
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?	0
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?	1
What attracts tourists to Reims ?	0
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?	4
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?	4
What 's an auberge in France ?	5
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?	1
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?	0
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?	1
What does ribavirin consist of ?	4
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''	4
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?	0
What was her real name ?	1
Why are the ears your center of balance ?	5
Who invented the toothbrush ?	1
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?	4
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?	0
What is a fear of being alone ?	4
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	2
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?	4
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?	3
How many hearts does an octopus have ?	2
What plant has the largest seed ?	4
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?	0
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?	4
What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?	1
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?	4
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?	1
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?	2
What is the longest word in the English language ?	4
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	0
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?	1
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?	4
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .	4
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?	5
What percentage of the body is muscle ?	2
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?	4
What is a golf ball made of ?	4
What is the Amish religion ?	5
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	2
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?	1
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?	1
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?	1
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?	5
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?	4
What animals do you find in the stock market ?	4
What is color ?	5
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?	2
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?	4
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?	1
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?	5
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?	1
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?	5
What is a Jellicle Cat ?	5
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?	0
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?	0
What is the second hardest substance ?	4
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?	5
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?	0
When is Bastille Day ?	2
What makes a tornado turn ?	5
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?	2
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?	4
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?	5
Who is Coronado ?	1
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?	4
What is artificial intelligence ?	5
What do flatfish eat ?	4
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?	1
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?	4
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?	2
What is the origin of the word , magic ?	5
What sport do you shag flies in ?	4
What is white chocolate ?	5
Where is Trinidad ?	0
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .	1
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?	1
What kind of wine is Spumante ?	4
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?	1
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?	4
What does the name Gina mean ?	5
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?	4
How fast is light ?	2
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?	4
What are shooting stars ?	5
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?	1
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?	2
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?	0
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?	5
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?	5
Who is Desmond Tutu ?	1
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?	0
Name a tiger that is extinct .	4
How many quarters equal a pound ?	2
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?	4
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?	1
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	2
Who is the worst US President ever ?	1
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?	1
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	3
How fast does the fastest car go ?	2
What is the highest mountain in the world ?	0
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?	0
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?	1
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?	2
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?	0
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?	0
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?	5
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?	5
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?	1
What is a fear of passing high objects ?	4
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?	5
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?	1
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?	5
What is the rarest coin ?	4
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?	4
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?	0
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?	0
What is a fear of parasites ?	4
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?	4
Who does data collection in tourism ?	1
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?	1
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?	0
What does a nihilist believe in ?	5
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?	5
In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?	4
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?	1
What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?	4
What are amphibians ?	5
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?	2
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''	4
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?	2
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?	1
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?	1
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?	0
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?	1
What is the fear of being loved ?	4
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?	2
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?	1
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?	5
How far can a man travel in outer space ?	2
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?	0
What type of food makes you fat ?	4
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?	4
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?	2
What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?	4
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?	4
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?	4
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''	5
What is the plural of gulf ?	4
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?	1
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?	2
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?	2
What 's the first day of the week ?	2
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?	0
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?	0
Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?	1
What is Bombay duck ?	5
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?	2
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?	1
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?	0
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?	1
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?	2
What is a virtual IP address ?	5
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?	1
What county is Chicago in ?	0
What is the wingspan of a condor ?	2
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?	5
Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .	1
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?	5
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?	4
What color were their horses ?	4
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?	2
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?	1
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?	2
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?	4
What are the two languages of Malta ?	4
How many oceans are there and name them ?	2
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?	5
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?	2
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?	5
What does the name Shawn mean ?	5
Where is the Danube ?	0
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?	1
What do you call a group of geese ?	4
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?	1
How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?	2
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?	5
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?	0
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?	2
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?	0
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?	4
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?	5
How do I start a bank ?	5
How do Ouija Boards work ?	5
What horse did Zorro ride ?	4
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?	5
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?	0
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?	5
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?	1
Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?	4
Why did the chicken cross the road ?	5
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?	1
Who is Barbara Jordan ?	1
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?	1
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?	4
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?	4
What is being done about the millennium bug ?	5
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?	5
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?	4
What is Olestra ?	5
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?	0
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?	2
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?	4
When was Hurricane Hugo ?	2
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?	4
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?	1
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?	2
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?	2
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?	4
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?	1
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?	5
What is prepared mustard ?	5
What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?	1
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?	5
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?	1
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?	4
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?	1
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?	2
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?	4
What is Colin Powell best known for ?	5
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?	1
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?	0
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?	1
What is measured in curies ?	5
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?	1
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?	1
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?	1
Italy is the largest producer of what ?	4
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?	1
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''	5
Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''	1
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	4
What is Spumante ?	5
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?	2
What is an isthmus ?	5
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?	4
Where is Mozambique located ?	0
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?	4
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?	5
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?	4
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?	2
How do fuel injectors work ?	5
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?	5
What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?	1
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?	4
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?	0
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?	4
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	2
What does NAFTA stand for ?	3
Who invented silly putty ?	1
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?	1
Who patented the first phonograph ?	1
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?	4
What do manatees eat ?	4
How do you say 2 in Latin ?	4
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?	4
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?	2
What is November 's birthstone ?	4
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?	5
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?	2
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?	1
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?	4
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?	5
What is the longest English word ?	4
What is the purpose of a car bra ?	5
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?	5
Who is Colin Powell ?	1
What species is a colt ?	4
What is the full name of the PLO ?	3
What is the smallest country in Africa ?	0
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?	1
What age followed the Bronze Age ?	4
What is her profession ?	1
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?	1
What does the word LASER mean ?	3
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?	5
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?	1
What is a rhomboideus minor ?	5
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?	2
How many people died on D-Day ?	2
What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .	1
Who created the character of Scrooge ?	1
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	2
Where is Windsor Castle ?	0
When did the Dow first reach ?	2
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?	5
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?	1
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?	1
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?	0
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?	0
Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?	4
What are the Benelux countries ?	0
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?	0
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?	4
Where is Tornado Alley ?	0
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?	1
What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?	1
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?	0
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?	5
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?	1
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?	0
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?	1
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .	1
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	4
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?	5
What color are school buses ?	4
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	0
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?	4
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?	1
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?	1
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?	1
What are the seven virtues ?	5
What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?	4
When was the San Francisco fire ?	2
What is a fear of food ?	4
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?	2
What year did the Vietnam War end ?	2
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?	1
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?	4
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?	2
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?	1
What 's the longest river in the world ?	0
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?	4
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?	1
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?	2
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?	2
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?	2
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?	0
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''	5
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?	1
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?	2
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .	4
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?	0
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?	5
What 's the sacred river of India ?	0
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?	0
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?	4
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?	2
Name the largest country in South America .	0
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?	4
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis	5
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?	1
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?	5
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?	4
What makes thunder ?	5
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?	1
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?	4
What plant is rum made from ?	4
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?	0
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?	1
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?	4
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?	0
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?	5
What was archy , and mehitabel ?	5
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?	0
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?	4
What country did the Nile River originate in ?	0
What color are tennis balls ?	4
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?	1
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?	5
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?	1
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?	4
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?	0
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?	0
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?	1
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?	5
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?	4
What is Australia Day ?	5
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?	4
What was the Chivington Massacre ?	5
What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?	1
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?	2
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?	0
Where can I find information on George Bush ?	0
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?	1
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?	4
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?	5
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?	1
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?	2
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?	5
When are sheep shorn ?	2
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?	4
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?	0
What is the definition of low island ?	5
What century does Captain Video live in ?	2
What types of water pollution are there ?	4
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?	2
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?	4
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?	4
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?	4
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .	4
Where is Logan Airport ?	0
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?	5
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?	1
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?	1
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1	1
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	2
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?	4
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?	1
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	2
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?	3
How do you find oxidation numbers ?	5
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?	0
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?	5
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?	4
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	2
Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?	1
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?	4
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?	1
What are the Greek numerals ?	5
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?	0
What is a fear of sleep ?	4
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?	4
What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?	4
What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?	4
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?	5
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?	0
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?	5
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?	1
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?	1
What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?	1
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?	2
What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''	4
What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?	4
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?	1
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?	1
What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?	4
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?	5
What causes someone to be ticklish ?	5
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	2
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?	2
Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?	5
What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?	4
Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?	1
What is `` the washed vodka '' ?	5
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?	2
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?	2
What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?	4
Who invented batteries ?	1
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?	5
Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?	0
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?	1
What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?	1
What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?	4
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?	1
What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?	4
What London street is the home of British journalism ?	0
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	4
What is the Immaculate Conception ?	5
What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?	4
What format was VHS 's main competition ?	4
What is Candlemas Day ?	5
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?	0
What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?	4
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?	2
Where is Tufts University ?	0
What is a pyrotechnic display ?	5
How do I find out about jobs ?	5
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?	1
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?	2
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?	2
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?	5
What is a fear of being cold ?	4
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?	2
What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?	4
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?	4
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?	2
What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?	4
What province is Edmonton located in ?	0
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?	5
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?	1
What is California 's state bird ?	4
What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?	2
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .	1
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?	5
What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?	4
What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?	1
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?	1
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?	4
How many James Bond novels are there ?	2
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?	5
What bird can swim but can 't fly ?	4
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?	5
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?	2
What is Plc ?	5
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?	2
How many acres in a mile ?	2
What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?	4
What is a hyperlink ?	5
Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?	1
Where did marijuana come from ?	5
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?	2
What novel has Big Brother watching ?	4
How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?	2
What does Elysium mean ?	5
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	0
What is Shalom ?	5
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?	4
What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?	4
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?	2
What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?	0
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?	5
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?	2
What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?	4
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?	0
Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?	1
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?	2
What is the origin of thank you notes ?	5
What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?	4
What generation am I in ?	4
What is a fear of hell ?	4
Who is Dear Abby ?	1
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?	1
What is Jell-O made from ?	4
Who was Monet ?	1
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?	0
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?	5
What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?	4
Where is Guam ?	0
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?	1
What is the executor in a will ?	5
What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?	1
How many people in America snore ?	2
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?	1
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?	4
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?	1
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?	4
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?	2
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?	5
Who sought to create The Great Society ?	1
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?	0
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?	2
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?	1
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?	5
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?	5
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?	2
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?	0
What is the history of `` the toast '' ?	5
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?	4
What is an arab strap ?	5
How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,	2
Who is the current UN Secretary General ?	1
Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?	1
Where did guinea pigs originate ?	0
What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?	0
Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?	5
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?	1
When was the slinky invented ?	2
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?	1
What is a fear of cold ?	4
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?	1
What causes rust ?	5
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?	1
What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?	4
What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?	4
What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?	5
What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?	0
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?	5
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?	4
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?	0
What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?	2
Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?	4
What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?	5
What is a handheld PC ?	5
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?	5
What is Larry King 's job ?	1
How many calories are in a tomato ?	2
In what state was the first co-educational college established	0
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?	4
What is the treatment for depression ?	4
What is a fear of slime ?	4
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?	0
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?	0
What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?	1
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?	4
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?	5
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?	5
When was Dick Clark born ?	2
What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?	4
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?	2
What happened to Moon Maiden ?	5
What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?	0
What are the Urals ?	5
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?	5
What desert has the highest sand dunes ?	0
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?	0
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?	5
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?	2
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?	2
When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?	2
Who was Lacan ?	1
What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?	4
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?	0
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?	1
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?	1
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?	5
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?	0
Name a Gaelic language .	4
What day is August 13 , 1971 ?	2
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?	0
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?	5
What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?	4
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?	5
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?	4
How big is a quart ?	2
What is the Hub of London ?	5
Jude Law acted in which film ?	4
What causes panic attacks ?	5
What was the filling in the first golf balls ?	5
What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?	4
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?	0
What is typhoid fever ?	5
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?	0
What are the Twin Cities ?	5
What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?	4
Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .	1
Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?	4
What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?	3
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	0
What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?	4
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?	0
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?	4
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?	2
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?	1
How many questions are on this thing ?	2
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?	1
Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?	1
Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?	1
Why are there olives in martinis ?	5
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?	2
What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?	2
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?	1
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?	0
What did The Gas House Gang play ?	4
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?	2
What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?	1
What is the highest Roman numeral ?	5
What 's the most popular form of bridge ?	4
Who was the inventor of the stove ?	1
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?	1
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?	0
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?	2
What are the first ten amendements passed ?	4
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?	4
What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?	5
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?	5
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?	1
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?	1
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?	4
Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?	0
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?	2
What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?	4
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?	2
What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?	1
Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?	1
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?	2
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?	5
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .	1
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?	2
What is the best Internet business to go into ?	1
What does Venus Retrograde mean ?	5
Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?	1
What are the largest breweries in the world ?	0
What does Las Vegas mean ?	5
What does the word `` meta '' mean ?	5
What keeps clouds in the air ?	4
What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?	4
Ray Charles plays which instrument ?	4
What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?	0
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?	0
What is graduate school ?	5
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?	5
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?	1
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?	4
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?	4
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?	1
What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?	1
What does the abbreviation cwt. ?	3
In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?	4
Where is Rider College located ?	0
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?	1
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?	5
Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?	1
Where was the first restaurant ?	0
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?	0
How many horses died during the civil war ?	2
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?	2
What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?	1
What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?	1
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?	2
What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?	2
What is website of the International Court of Justice ?	0
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?	0
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?	0
How many astronauts have been on the moon ?	2
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?	2
What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?	4
How do you reference a website ?	5
What is pandoro ?	5
What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?	3
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?	1
What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?	0
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?	5
How do I install a tile floor ?	5
What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?	4
Why was the zipper invented ?	5
What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?	4
Name four famous cartoon cats .	4
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?	1
How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?	5
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?	1
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?	5
What is the most useful site on the Internet ?	0
What is the world 's highest peak ?	0
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?	5
Define cosmology .	5
What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?	1
What are amicable numbers ?	5
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?	2
Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?	0
What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?	0
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?	1
What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?	4
What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?	4
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?	1
What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?	4
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?	2
What is the goat population of the world ?	2
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?	1
What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?	4
What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?	0
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?	2
What are the most common elements in seawater ?	4
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .	5
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?	5
What is a stratocaster ?	5
What kind of science is cosmology ?	4
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .	1
What 's the second-lightest element ?	4
What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?	4
What is the brand name of daminozide ?	4
What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?	4
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?	1
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?	4
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?	5
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?	2
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?	2
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?	1
Who made the first gas engine ?	1
What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?	0
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?	4
How many questions do you have on your database ?	2
How do clouds form ?	5
Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?	0
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?	1
When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?	2
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?	1
Where is Ocho Rios ?	0
What is the half-life of P-32 ?	5
What ocean does Mauritania border ?	0
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?	5
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?	5
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?	5
What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?	4
What country is Kosovo a part of ?	0
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?	0
What computer operating system is on the most computers ?	4
What is Bill Gross 's email address ?	0
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?	5
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?	3
What animals can live the longest without food ?	4
What English queen had seventeen children ?	1
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?	2
How much does the President get paid ?	2
What two baseball players make up the battery ?	1
What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?	4
What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?	4
Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?	2
What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?	0
Name an art gallery in New York .	0
Who sells Viagra ?	1
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?	4
What is the Home Rule Act ?	5
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?	0
What are Bellworts ?	5
Who was Darius ?	1
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?	4
Who did Dita Beard work for ?	1
What kind of creature is a coot ?	4
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .	1
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?	0
What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?	1
What is a fear of disease ?	4
What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?	4
What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?	4
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?	5
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?	4
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?	1
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	2
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .	1
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?	1
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?	1
What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?	0
What continent is Bolivia on ?	0
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?	5
Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?	1
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?	5
What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?	4
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?	0
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	4
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?	2
What does the name Kelly mean ?	5
What is a phalanx ?	5
What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?	1
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?	2
What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?	1
What does e.g. stand for ?	3
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?	4
How do storms form ?	5
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?	1
What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?	0
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?	4
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?	1
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .	4
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?	2
What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .	1
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?	2
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .	1
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?	0
What 's an infant seal called ?	4
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?	5
What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?	0
How long does a dog sleep ?	2
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?	4
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?	1
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	2
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?	0
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?	2
What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?	1
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?	0
What is the tallest building in Japan ?	0
Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?	0
Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .	4
What are some important events of the 1830 's ?	4
The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?	2
What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?	4
What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .	4
What is God ?	5
What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?	0
What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?	0
What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?	4
What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?	0
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?	2
What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?	4
What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?	0
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?	0
Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?	0
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?	0
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?	1
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?	4
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?	1
What is a meerkat ?	5
Who was Jean Nicolet ?	1
What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?	4
Which of these are authors ?	1
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?	4
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?	1
What is cache memory ?	5
Aspartame is also known as what ?	4
Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?	0
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?	2
What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?	5
Whose cupboard was bare ?	1
What are the seven seas ?	0
What does IBM stand for ?	3
What is the difference between jazz and blues ?	5
What is the C programming language ?	5
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?	1
Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?	1
What is a ` borrow pit ' ?	5
What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?	1
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?	2
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?	1
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?	0
What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .	4
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?	2
What is the origin of the atom ?	5
Who is the Voyager project manager ?	1
Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?	1
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?	1
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .	1
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?	5
Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?	1
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?	5
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?	0
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?	0
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?	1
What sport is played on the largest field ?	4
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?	1
What is after death ?	4
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .	1
What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?	1
What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?	1
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?	2
What is the website for the USA journal ?	0
What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?	1
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?	4
What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?	5
Why are haunted houses popular ?	5
Which gender has bigger thighs ?	4
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?	0
What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?	0
How fast do cheetahs run ?	2
What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?	4
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?	2
What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?	4
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?	1
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?	2
What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?	0
How far is London UK from California ?	2
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .	4
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?	4
What is the virus HIV ?	5
How many years old is Benny Carter ?	2
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?	4
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?	0
What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?	4
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?	4
What is the alphabet for Latin ?	4
What is the fear of frogs ?	4
Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?	0
How old is Stevie Wonder ?	2
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?	1
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?	1
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?	4
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?	5
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?	5
What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?	4
What is the first personal computer company ?	1
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?	4
Who was Jane Goodall ?	1
Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?	5
Where is the Isle of Man ?	0
What book did Aaron Hass write ?	4
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?	2
When will the millennium officially begin ?	2
Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?	1
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?	1
What is real time processing ?	5
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?	0
What country 's capital is Lagos ?	0
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?	0
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?	1
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?	1
What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?	4
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	2
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?	0
Where did Honecker rule ?	0
What is the theory of equivalence states ?	5
What does a philatelist collect ?	4
What is the life span of the average monkey ?	2
How many member states are in the UN ?	2
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?	1
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?	5
What 's the meaning of UOL ?	5
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?	1
Who was the architect of Central Park ?	1
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?	4
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?	2
When was CNN 's first broadcast ?	2
What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?	4
What is the circumorbital hematoma ?	5
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?	0
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?	1
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?	1
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?	1
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?	1
What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?	4
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?	4
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?	0
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?	2
How many milliseconds in a second ?	2
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?	1
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?	2
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?	2
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?	1
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?	0
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?	1
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?	5
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?	1
Who was Thucydides ?	1
How is the element strontium purified ?	5
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?	1
What are tonsils for ?	5
What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?	4
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?	4
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?	4
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?	2
What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?	5
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?	5
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?	2
What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?	4
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?	4
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?	2
What does a tarantula eat ?	4
What are the three secondary colors ?	4
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?	5
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?	1
What were the trials called which followed World War II ?	4
What is hebephrenia ?	5
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?	1
What famous events have happened on March 27 ?	4
Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?	1
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?	2
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?	4
What were the causes of the Civil War ?	5
What are Maid-Rites ?	5
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?	0
How can you prevent it ?	5
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?	5
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?	4
Who is the fastest guitarist ?	1
What do camels store in their humps ?	4
What is the name of the second space shuttle ?	4
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?	0
What are perfect tenses ?	5
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?	5
What was another name for East Germany ?	4
What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?	4
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?	1
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?	1
What is a bourdon tube ?	5
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?	4
Who were the Picts ?	1
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?	5
What is film noir ?	5
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?	1
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?	2
What causes tuberculosis ?	5
How tall is the giraffe ?	2
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?	1
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?	4
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?	2
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	2
What lake is Sheboygan on ?	0
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?	5
What is a fear of color ?	4
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?	4
What are the two largest birds on earth ?	4
Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''	4
What is the largest lake in North America ?	0
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?	2
What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?	4
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?	1
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?	1
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?	1
What is Head Start ?	5
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?	1
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?	5
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?	4
What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?	4
What is saltpeter ?	5
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?	5
What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	1
What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?	1
Silly putty was invented by whom ?	1
What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	4
How can someone become a federal agent ?	5
Who invented the paper clip ?	1
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?	1
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?	2
What city or state do the most gay men live in ?	0
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?	2
What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?	4
How can you be happy ?	5
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?	5
What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''	2
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?	1
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?	2
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?	2
What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?	3
Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?	1
What is a fear of gravity ?	4
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?	1
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?	5
Where are all European and American eels born ?	0
Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?	1
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?	5
What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?	4
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?	4
What is the function of the appendix ?	5
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?	1
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?	4
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?	0
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?	0
What U.S. state ends with a G ?	0
How many varieties of twins are there ?	2
What is a Cartesian Diver ?	5
What are the largest libraries in the US ?	0
How many people live in the Falklands ?	2
Who was Camp David named for ?	1
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?	4
Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?	1
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?	5
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?	4
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	2
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?	2
What country boasts the most dams ?	0
What is the regular price ?	2
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?	0
Where can one find Mozambique ?	0
How do you recognize anorexia ?	5
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?	4
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?	0
What is the largest variety of cactus ?	5
Who won the first World Series ?	1
What did Aaron Hass write ?	4
Who is Samuel Pickering ?	1
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?	1
Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?	1
What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?	4
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?	5
What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?	0
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?	2
What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?	4
When was Queen Victoria born ?	2
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?	2
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?	5
What is worth seeing in Reims ?	0
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?	4
When was Yemen reunified ?	2
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?	4
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?	5
What organization has a Security Council ?	1
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?	5
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?	1
What does NECROSIS mean ?	3
What is magnetar ?	5
What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?	4
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?	4
What is the federal minimum wage ?	2
Mississippi is nicknamed what ?	4
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	2
Where is Santa Lucia ?	0
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?	1
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?	1
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?	4
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?	5
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	2
What year did Apartheid start ?	2
Who created Big Ben ?	1
What city is found in the city of OZ ?	0
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?	5
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?	1
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?	4
What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?	0
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?	1
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?	0
When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?	2
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?	0
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?	1
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?	4
What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?	3
What is a Devo hat ?	5
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?	2
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?	4
How many people live in Tokyo ?	2
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?	1
What are birds descendents of ?	4
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?	1
Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?	4
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?	1
How does a scientific calculator work ?	5
What is a fear of fur ?	4
Who invented the game Scrabble ?	1
What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?	4
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?	2
Why do we have to go to school ?	5
What is Toulmin logic ?	5
A corgi is a kind of what ?	4
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?	0
What is a dangling participle ?	5
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?	0
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?	2
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?	1
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?	5
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?	1
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?	2
When was the first flush toilet invented ?	2
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?	1
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?	2
How old is the sun ?	2
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	2
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?	5
How do I write to my Congressman ?	5
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?	2
What is the term for a group of geese ?	4
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?	2
What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?	4
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?	0
What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?	4
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?	1
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?	1
Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?	1
What is moxie ?	5
What was the first Sam Spade novel ?	4
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?	4
Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?	1
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?	0
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?	0
What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?	0
What is a fear of strong light ?	4
What is a person called that likes fire ?	1
Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?	0
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?	4
Name a South African diamond producer ?	1
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?	1
What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?	1
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?	2
Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .	1
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?	1
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?	0
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?	1
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?	2
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?	0
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?	1
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?	4
What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?	1
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?	4
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?	4
What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?	2
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?	2
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?	5
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?	0
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?	5
What is Nitrox diving ?	5
What three European countries begin with the letter A ?	0
What happened in the Long March ?	5
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?	4
How can I find online spelling ?	5
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?	2
Who made Stonehenge ?	1
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?	2
What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?	4
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?	1
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?	2
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?	1
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?	0
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?	0
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?	2
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?	1
When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?	4
What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?	1
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?	1
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?	4
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	0
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?	0
How many meters are in a mile ?	2
What is a gas release event ?	5
What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?	4
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?	0
How many milligrams are in a gram ?	2
What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?	4
Where did he get the title ?	0
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?	0
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?	1
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?	1
How long is human gestation ?	2
What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?	5
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?	4
Where does Mother Angelica live ?	0
How can I find out my Moon sign ?	5
Why does a candle need a wick ?	5
Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?	4
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?	5
What 's the population of Mississippi ?	2
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?	1
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?	4
What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?	4
How old is Jeremy Piven ?	2
What is the history of yo-yos ?	5
Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?	1
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?	1
How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?	5
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?	4
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?	2
Where is the Mayo Clinic ?	0
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?	0
Where is Amsterdam ?	0
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?	0
What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?	4
Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?	1
What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?	0
Aspartame is known by what other name ?	4
What is pasta ?	5
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .	1
What color is `` ash '' ?	4
What is the best distance education university or college ?	1
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?	0
How often are quadruplets born ?	2
How does psorisis disappear ?	5
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?	2
What three colors are on the French flag ?	4
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?	5
What are the seven wonders of the world ?	4
What does CNN stand for ?	3
What is a person called that likes fire ?	1
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?	1
What constitutes an adult ?	4
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?	0
What is a neurosurgeon ?	5
What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?	4
What are amaretto biscuits ?	5
What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?	4
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?	2
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?	1
What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?	4
What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?	4
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?	0
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?	0
How do I give a good massage ?	5
Who is the father of the computer ?	1
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?	5
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?	5
What is the definition of cosmology ?	5
What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?	4
What are manifest and latent function theories ?	5
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?	4
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?	4
Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?	1
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?	1
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?	5
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?	2
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?	5
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?	1
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?	0
Why do men snore ?	5
What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?	5
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?	1
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?	0
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?	5
What does an echidna look like ?	5
What is the secret of the universe ?	5
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?	1
What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?	1
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?	5
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?	1
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?	4
What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?	2
What is glass made of ?	4
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?	5
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?	5
What are the biggest Indian airports ?	0
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?	4
What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?	0
Who is the Pope ?	1
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?	0
What do the French call La Manche ?	4
What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?	4
How do you clean up a cache ?	5
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?	4
What is a fear of being dirty ?	4
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?	4
What 's the Red Planet ?	5
The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?	2
What 's the most common surname in America ?	1
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?	2
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?	5
What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?	4
What is tumbled marble ?	5
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?	4
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?	0
Where did bocci originate ?	0
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .	5
What are the Valdez Principles ?	5
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?	5
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?	5
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?	1
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?	5
Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?	0
What is the frequency of VHF ?	2
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?	5
What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?	4
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?	2
What is digitalis ?	5
What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?	4
What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?	4
Who was William Henry Harrison ?	1
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?	5
What is `` flintknapping '' ?	5
What 's the most popular contact lens color ?	4
What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?	0
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?	5
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?	2
What is the fastest fish in the world ?	4
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?	4
What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?	4
What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?	4
What countries have the best math students ?	0
When was the De Beers company founded ?	2
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?	4
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?	1
What 's another name for aspartame ?	4
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?	5
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?	3
What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?	4
What is the date of Bastille Day ?	2
What is IOC an abbreviation of ?	3
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?	5
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?	4
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?	0
What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?	4
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?	2
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?	1
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?	4
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?	5
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	2
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?	4
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?	0
What does Tiffany mean ?	5
Why do magnets attract ?	5
How do you address a Chinese person ?	5
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?	5
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	2
How do I impress a guy ?	5
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?	4
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?	2
What determines the value of the pearl ?	4
Which country did Hitler rule ?	0
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?	4
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?	1
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?	4
The Orange Bowl is in what city ?	0
What are the alveoli ?	5
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?	1
How many Leos have been Pope ?	2
What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?	0
What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?	4
What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?	4
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?	2
What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?	1
What is ethylene ?	5
What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?	4
What is a fear of clouds ?	4
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?	4
What is a fear of pregnancy ?	4
What is the population in India ?	2
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''	5
How long do flies live ?	2
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?	5
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?	1
What state produces the best lobster to eat ?	0
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?	2
What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?	4
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?	0
What is deadrise , nautical , ?	5
What 's the official language of Algeria ?	4
What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?	4
What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?	4
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?	5
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?	1
What foods contain the most protein ?	4
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?	1
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?	1
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?	2
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?	0
Who invented the game bowling ?	1
What are the snakes of New England ?	4
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?	2
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?	0
What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?	1
How long does a human live ?	2
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?	0
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?	2
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?	5
What is a gandy dancer ?	5
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?	1
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?	1
What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?	4
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	2
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?	4
What 's the capital of Iowa ?	0
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?	1
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?	5
What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?	1
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?	4
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?	5
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?	3
What is a fear of odors , body , ?	4
What is the formula to calculate pi ?	4
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?	5
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?	1
How do you write a book report ?	5
What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?	5
What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?	1
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?	0
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?	1
Who made the first surfboard ?	1
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?	1
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?	2
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?	2
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?	2
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?	2
What does a deltiologist collect ?	4
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?	5
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	3
Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?	1
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?	1
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?	5
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?	5
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?	4
When was the first Barbie produced ?	2
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?	4
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?	1
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?	2
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?	1
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?	5
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?	0
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?	4
What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?	4
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?	2
What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?	4
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?	4
What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?	0
What is a wart ?	5
What is spaceball played on ?	5
How does rabies spread ?	5
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?	1
What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?	0
How can you tell if someone is lying ?	5
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?	5
What are fingernails made of ?	4
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?	0
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?	5
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?	5
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?	1
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?	5
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?	5
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?	1
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?	1
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?	1
When did the Jurassic Period end ?	2
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?	4
What caused the Titanic to sink ?	5
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?	5
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?	1
How does an ion drive work ?	5
How can I trace my family roots ?	5
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?	2
What is another word for diet ?	4
What is a courier ?	5
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?	4
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?	5
What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?	4
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	0
What ice creams contain seaweed ?	4
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?	1
What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?	3
What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?	4
What was called the world 's largest department store ?	1
What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?	0
How many different vegetation zones are there ?	2
What does LOL mean ?	3
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?	0
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?	4
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?	5
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?	1
What does e=mc2 mean ?	5
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?	0
How do I contact answers.com ?	5
What are the names of the different toes ?	4
What are different products of petroleum ?	4
What causes asthma ?	5
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?	2
What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?	5
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?	0
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?	5
What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?	2
What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?	4
What is a heuristic ?	5
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?	0
In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?	4
Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?	1
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?	5
Why can 't ostriches fly ?	5
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?	0
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?	5
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?	0
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?	2
The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?	0
What is a fear of motion ?	4
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?	1
What is a fear of glass ?	4
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?	5
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?	1
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?	1
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?	2
Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .	1
What 's the nearest star to Earth ?	0
Where is Inoco based ?	0
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?	4
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?	5
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?	5
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?	2
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?	2
What is a Jake brake ?	5
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?	4
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?	1
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?	1
What cards are bullets ?	4
What is the average age a horse lives ?	2
What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?	0
Which language has the most words ?	4
Where is Natick ?	0
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?	4
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?	4
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?	1
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?	1
What is a fear of water ?	4
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?	5
What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?	5
Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?	1
Where is the Valley of the Kings ?	0
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?	1
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?	0
Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?	1
Where are the Union Stockyards ?	0
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?	0
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?	2
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?	2
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?	4
How much salt is in the oceans ?	2
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?	1
What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?	4
Who won World War II ?	1
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?	5
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?	0
What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?	0
What is the weakest bone in the body ?	4
What is dew point ?	5
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?	1
What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?	1
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?	2
How do you become a dentist ?	5
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?	1
How many wings does a flea have ?	2
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?	0
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?	0
What is the population of Mozambique ?	2
What is multimedia ?	5
What state has the most Indians ?	0
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?	5
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?	2
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .	1
Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?	0
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?	5
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?	5
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?	0
What does hazmat stand for ?	5
What is `` bloodhound '' ?	5
How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?	2
What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?	4
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?	4
Where is Dartmouth College ?	0
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?	1
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?	5
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?	1
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?	2
What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?	0
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?	1
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?	1
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?	5
What does IOC stand for ?	3
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?	0
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?	5
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?	4
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?	5
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?	1
How does a glacier form ?	5
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?	2
What is the largest city in the world ?	0
What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?	4
Who was Whitcomb Judson ?	1
What is the average weight for a man ?	2
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?	0
What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?	0
What fuel do airplanes use ?	4
Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .	1
What does palindromic mean ?	5
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?	5
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?	0
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?	0
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?	5
What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?	4
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?	4
Which ear can most people hear better with ?	4
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?	0
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?	4
How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?	4
Who shoplifts ?	1
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?	4
What is the Socratic method ?	5
What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?	0
What is hypertext ?	5
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?	2
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?	5
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?	2
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?	5
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?	4
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?	2
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?	5
What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?	4
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?	4
When was Calypso music invented ?	2
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?	0
What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?	4
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?	5
How old is Bernadette Peters ?	2
Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?	0
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	2
What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?	4
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?	2
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?	2
Which two inventors invented Post-its ?	1
What day of the week was July 13 ?	2
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?	1
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?	4
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?	1
What is a fear of insanity ?	4
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?	5
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?	1
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?	2
What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?	4
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?	5
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?	0
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?	2
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?	4
Who is Langston Hughes ?	1
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?	4
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	0
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?	5
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?	1
What year was the NAACP founded ?	2
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?	2
Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?	1
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?	0
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?	1
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?	0
What is Greek pita ?	5
What do peacocks mate with ?	4
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?	1
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?	0
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?	2
What tools do you use to crewel ?	4
What is narcolepsy ?	5
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?	4
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?	4
Where is the Orange Bowl ?	0
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?	0
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?	1
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?	0
What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?	5
What is the size of Argentina ?	2
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?	4
What is leukemia ?	5
What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?	4
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?	5
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?	2
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?	4
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?	1
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?	2
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?	2
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?	5
How many grooves are on a dime ?	2
What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?	1
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	2
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	3
How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?	5
What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?	1
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?	2
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?	1
How many different types of skunks are there ?	2
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?	1
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?	4
What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?	2
What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?	5
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?	1
What is hyperopia ?	5
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?	4
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?	0
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?	4
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?	4
What United States city produces the most oil ?	0
How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?	5
What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?	4
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?	2
What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?	4
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?	0
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?	0
What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?	3
What is e-commerce ?	5
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?	1
How did names come about ?	5
What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?	1
What is her husband 's name ?	1
What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''	1
Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?	1
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?	1
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?	0
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?	1
What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?	4
Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?	1
What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?	4
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?	5
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?	5
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?	1
Who is the Queen of Holland ?	1
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?	5
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?	0
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?	1
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?	1
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?	1
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?	2
Where 's the GUM department store ?	0
What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?	5
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?	0
What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?	4
What year was the ATM first introduced ?	2
What are all the southern states of the United States ?	0
Who is Johnny Carson ?	1
What does 7847+5943 equal ?	2
What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?	4
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?	5
What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?	1
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?	5
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?	2
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?	5
What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?	4
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?	2
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?	0
What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?	0
What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?	4
What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?	1
In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?	2
What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?	5
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .	4
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?	0
What state is Mount McKinley in ?	0
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?	5
Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?	1
What is swap math ?	5
What is hypnotherapy ?	5
What is RCD ?	3
How large is Missouri 's population ?	2
Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?	4
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?	5
Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?	1
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?	2
How can I find out my biorhythm ?	5
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?	1
What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?	1
What is a fear of touching ?	4
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?	4
Who killed Caesar ?	1
Where is Kings Canyon ?	0
What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?	5
Why are organ transplants more successful today ?	5
Which is the most-used computer program ?	4
What is the root of all evil ?	5
What animal has the best hearing ?	4
What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?	2
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	2
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?	2
What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?	4
What is a fear of drinking ?	4
What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?	0
How many varieties of apple are there ?	2
Who is Count Cinzano ?	1
Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?	1
What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?	4
What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?	4
Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?	4
Why does it snow ?	5
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?	2
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?	5
How do windmills work ?	5
What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?	4
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?	0
What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?	1
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?	1
What money was used by them ?	4
What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?	4
Where did the Inuits live ?	0
What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?	5
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?	5
What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?	4
What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?	1
How did Rocky Marciano die ?	5
Who invented the road traffic cone ?	1
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?	1
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?	1
What does Visine get out ?	4
What civilization invented the arch ?	1
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?	5
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?	1
What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?	0
Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?	0
What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?	1
What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?	1
What is the definition of hazmat ?	5
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?	2
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?	0
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?	1
What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?	4
Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .	1
Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?	1
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?	0
What is crabgrass ?	5
What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?	4
Who is Stephen Hawking ?	1
What does SHIELD stand for ?	3
How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?	4
What is The Gay Science ?	5
Why is Jane Goodall famous ?	5
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?	2
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?	1
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?	5
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?	5
What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?	5
What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?	5
What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?	1
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?	5
What is a Guild ?	5
What is the difference between college and graduate school ?	5
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?	5
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?	5
What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?	1
What South American capital is the world 's highest ?	0
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?	5
Name a civil war battlefield .	0
When do you plant winter wheat ?	2
What will a compass do in outer space ?	5
How many counties are in Indiana ?	2
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?	1
Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?	1
Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?	1
What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?	4
What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?	0
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?	5
What is a hydrogen bond ?	5
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?	2
What does a woman want ?	4
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?	2
What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?	3
Which continent has the most roses ?	0
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?	4
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?	5
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?	5
What is your favorite color ?	4
What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?	4
How many corners does a spritsail have ?	2
What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?	1
What is a multiplexer ?	5
What credit card features a centurion on its face ?	4
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?	0
What are the Poconos ?	5
What does caliente mean , in English ?	5
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?	5
What is the mission of Nike ?	4
What is thalassemia ?	5
How far can you see ?	2
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?	4
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?	5
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?	0
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?	0
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?	2
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?	5
What do the Japanese call Japan ?	4
What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?	0
What happens when a body part falls asleep ?	5
What English word has the most letters ?	4
What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?	4
Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''	1
Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?	1
What is June 's birthstone ?	5
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?	0
Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?	5
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?	1
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?	2
Who invented the Wonderbra ?	1
What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?	5
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?	0
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?	5
How do telephones work ?	5
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?	4
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?	2
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?	2
Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?	1
Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?	0
What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?	4
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?	0
Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?	4
What is diabetes ?	5
What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?	4
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?	2
In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?	2
What is a fear of punishment ?	4
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?	2
What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?	4
What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?	4
What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?	4
On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?	2
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?	3
What 's a short ton ?	5
How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?	2
What two body parts grow all your life ?	4
What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?	1
What country has the port of Haifa ?	0
What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?	4
What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?	4
What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?	0
What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?	4
What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?	4
What is goldenseal ?	5
Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?	1
What is the Lost Colony ?	5
What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?	4
How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?	2
What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?	1
What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?	4
What is Tetrinet ?	5
What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?	1
What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?	4
What is Chiricahua the name of ?	4
What 's the green variety of beryl called ?	4
What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?	4
Which is heavier - cream or milk ?	4
Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?	1
Where is Romania located ?	0
How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?	2
How many small businesses are there in the U.S .	2
What age is Benny Carter ?	2
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?	5
What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?	0
What is amezaiku ?	5
What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?	0
What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?	4
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?	0
What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?	4
What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?	0
How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?	2
What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?	5
Who is the sexiest women in the world ?	1
What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?	2
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?	0
Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?	1
How do you handle a hungry man ?	5
Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?	1
What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?	1
What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?	1
What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?	4
What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?	1
What was Einstein 's IQ ?	2
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .	1
Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?	5
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?	4
What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?	1
What are some good exercises for kids to do ?	4
How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?	2
What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?	3
What is the principal river of Ireland ?	0
What lake is the source of the White Nile ?	0
Garry Kasparov plays what game ?	4
How much does a poodle weigh ?	2
What is Zionism ?	5
What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?	1
How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?	2
What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?	5
Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?	4
What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?	4
What else has the swastika stood for ?	5
Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?	5
How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?	2
What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?	4
When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?	2
How many people have been Captain America ?	2
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?	5
What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?	4
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?	5
Where is the human skin least sensitive ?	4
What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?	1
What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?	4
What are all the rivers in Europe ?	0
Who won the Superbowl in ?	1
What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?	4
In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?	2
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?	2
What is the full classification of a lady bug ?	4
What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?	1
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?	2
What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?	4
What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?	0
How do you box train a cat ?	5
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?	5
What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?	4
The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?	2
How does lightning travel ?	5
What spice do chefs pay the most for ?	4
Who directed Citizen Kane ?	1
What is troilism ?	5
What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?	4
What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?	1
What is HTML ?	3
How do you identify prime numbers ?	5
Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?	1
What high school does Archie attend ?	1
What animal migrates the farthest ?	4
What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?	4
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?	5
Madonna hocks which soft drink ?	4
What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?	1
In what country is Lund ?	0
What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?	4
What is the capital of Seattle ?	0
What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?	1
What city in Florida is Sea World in ?	0
Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''	1
What 's a water funnel ?	5
What is a fear of worms ?	4
What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?	5
What does an emperor do ?	5
What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?	1
Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?	0
What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?	0
How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?	5
What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?	5
What food can I use to catch a possum ?	4
What was Al Capone 's nickname ?	1
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?	1
What is the largest city in Germany ?	0
What is a fear of cholera ?	4
What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?	0
What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?	0
What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?	0
What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?	4
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?	0
How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?	5
How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?	2
What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?	5
How does hair curl ?	5
What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?	4
How long do hermit crabs live ?	2
What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?	0
What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?	5
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?	2
Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?	1
What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?	5
What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?	4
What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?	4
Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?	4
What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?	3
What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?	4
What does a collier mine ?	4
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	2
What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?	0
What are the ages in comic book lingo ?	4
What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?	4
What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?	1
What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?	1
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?	5
What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?	4
What date did man first land on the moon ?	2
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?	0
How many web servers are there ?	2
What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?	5
How many trees go into paper making in a year ?	2
Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?	0
How come light bulbs go out ?	5
For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?	5
How far out is the universe ?	2
What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?	5
What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?	4
Where did the Mayan Indians live ?	0
Where was Poe born ?	0
What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?	5
What is a fear of crystals or glass ?	4
Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .	4
How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?	2
Where did Dylan Thomas die ?	0
What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?	4
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?	4
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?	4
What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?	1
How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?	5
What can communications satellites offer yachts ?	4
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?	2
Who is the premier of China ?	1
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?	1
How many bones are there in the human hand ?	2
What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?	1
Who was the president of Vichy France ?	1
Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?	1
What is hydrogen ?	5
What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?	1
What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?	0
What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?	1
What is recruitment interview technique ?	5
How does a hurricane form ?	5
What does the donation process entail ?	5
How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?	2
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?	0
How many people watch network television ?	2
What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?	4
Who first broke the sound barrier ?	1
How do birds have sex ?	5
How many horses are there on a polo team ?	2
What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?	4
What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?	4
What is Occam 's Razor ?	5
Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?	0
How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?	2
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?	1
Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?	0
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?	5
How is thalassemia defined ?	5
What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?	4
What is a storm surge ?	5
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?	5
What was the alternate to VHS ?	4
What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?	4
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?	1
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?	2
How is cologne made ?	5
What was the food of the Greek gods called ?	4
What does camera-ready art mean ?	5
How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?	2
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?	2
What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?	5
What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?	4
What time of year do most people fly ?	2
Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?	1
What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?	5
When is the Thai New Year ?	2
What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?	4
What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?	4
Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?	1
What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?	4
In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?	4
What does caliente translate to in English ?	4
Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?	1
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?	5
How far can a human eye see ?	2
What time of year has the most air travel ?	2
What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?	5
When was the G7 group of nations formed ?	2
What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?	5
What baseball player was walked the most times ?	1
What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?	1
What were the first frozen foods ?	4
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?	5
What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?	4
When did they canonize the Bible ?	2
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?	1
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?	2
What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?	1
When did the Carolingian period begin ?	2
What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?	5
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?	1
How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?	2
What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?	1
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?	5
What is a virtual IP address ?	5
What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?	4
Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?	1
What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?	4
What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?	1
What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?	1
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?	1
How do movie blues screens work ?	5
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?	5
What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?	1
What was the Vietnam War ?	5
What is La Nina ?	5
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?	5
On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?	2
What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?	4
What is meant by blood SED rate ?	5
Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?	1
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?	1
What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?	4
Where is your corpus callosum ?	0
What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''	4
Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?	1
Why is the development of space so important ?	5
What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?	5
When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?	0
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?	2
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?	5
What does Aaron mean ?	5
What is a fear of hair ?	4
What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?	1
What is a conifer ?	5
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?	1
What is different about the red and black fox ?	5
What is e-commerce ?	5
How do I tie a tie ?	5
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?	0
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?	2
What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?	1
What is chromatology ?	5
How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?	2
How was the ACLU formed ?	5
What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?	4
The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?	4
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?	4
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?	0
What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?	1
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	2
What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?	4
Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?	0
What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?	4
What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?	5
Name a female figure skater .	1
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?	5
How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?	2
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?	5
What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?	4
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?	2
What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?	4
How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?	2
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?	5
Where did George of the Jungle live ?	0
How did Bob Marley die ?	5
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?	2
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?	2
Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?	2
In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?	2
Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?	1
What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?	2
Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?	1
What does a heliologist study ?	4
Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?	1
What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?	4
How many Americans have HIV ?	2
Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?	0
Who is the Antichrist ?	1
What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?	4
Which Latin American country is the largest ?	0
What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?	0
How many teats does a female goat sport ?	2
How tall is kilamanjaro ?	2
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	1
What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?	0
What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?	0
What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?	4
What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?	5
Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?	1
What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?	2
Where is the biggest bell ?	0
What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?	4
How do microwaves work ?	5
What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?	4
What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?	2
Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?	1
What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?	4
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?	2
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?	1
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?	5
What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?	4
CNN is owned by whom ?	1
What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?	0
What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?	5
What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?	4
Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?	1
How is digital audio used ?	5
What is AFS ?	3
Who was Quetzalcoatl ?	1
What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?	4
What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?	1
What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?	0
How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?	2
What famed river flows through Bagdad ?	0
How is bubble wrap made ?	5
What is Java ?	5
Who is the prime minister of Japan ?	1
What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?	1
What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?	1
How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?	2
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?	2
Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?	1
Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?	0
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .	1
What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?	4
Who is the president of the Spanish government ?	1
Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?	1
Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?	1
Who invented the stethoscope ?	1
What is a mathematical factor ?	5
How many four star generals were there and who are they ?	2
When did Nixon die ?	2
What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?	4
What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?	1
How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?	2
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?	0
What country contains the highest point in South America ?	0
What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?	1
Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?	1
What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?	0
Who developed potlatch ?	1
How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?	2
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?	2
What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?	1
What made Jane Goodall famous ?	5
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?	2
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?	0
Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .	1
How old was Gene Siskel ?	2
What can be done about snoring ?	5
What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?	0
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?	1
Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?	1
What does a chiropodist treat ?	4
What is porphyria ?	5
What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?	0
Who was the first king of England ?	1
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?	5
In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?	4
How many calories are there in soy sauce ?	2
Who killed Kurt Cobain ?	1
Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?	1
What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?	0
Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?	5
What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?	4
How does blood clot ?	5
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?	2
What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?	4
When is a woman most fertile ?	2
What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?	1
Who was the first man to return to space ?	1
What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?	4
Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?	1
What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?	5
What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?	1
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?	1
Who shot Billy the Kid ?	1
What is he doing now ?	5
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?	1
What video format was an alternative to VHS ?	4
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?	5
What is money made of ?	4
What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?	0
How many people in Tucson ?	2
Where is Melbourne ?	0
With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?	1
What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?	0
What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?	2
What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?	1
What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?	0
What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?	1
Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?	1
What is it like to experience a near death episode ?	5
What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?	1
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?	2
Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?	5
What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?	0
What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?	1
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?	2
How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?	2
How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?	5
Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?	4
What is literary criticism ?	5
How do you throw a housewarming party ?	5
What international sport was originally called hurley ?	4
What river runs through Liverpool ?	0
What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?	1
What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?	5
What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?	1
What country was Kim Philby really working for ?	0
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?	5
What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?	0
What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?	1
How many years make up a lustrum ?	2
What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?	4
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?	1
Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?	1
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?	4
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .	1
How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?	2
What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?	1
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?	5
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?	0
When was the NFL established ?	2
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?	0
What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?	1
What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?	0
What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?	1
What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?	4
At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?	4
What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?	1
What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?	4
What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?	5
Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?	1
Where is Mile High Stadium ?	0
What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?	4
What is limbo ?	5
What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?	0
What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?	4
What are the stars made of ?	4
What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?	1
Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?	1
How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?	2
What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?	1
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?	2
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?	4
What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?	4
What is a tonne ?	5
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?	0
What is DEET ?	3
What company sells the most greeting cards ?	1
What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?	0
What is the Bernoulli Principle ?	5
What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?	1
What is difference between a poster and a print ?	5
In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?	4
What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?	4
What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?	0
What is false consciousness ?	5
How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?	5
Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?	4
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?	0
How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?	2
What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?	4
When was Richard Nixon born ?	2
What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?	0
Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?	0
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?	2
Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?	1
When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?	2
What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?	5
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?	2
Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?	1
What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?	5
The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?	4
What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?	4
What is a First World country ?	5
Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?	1
What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?	0
What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?	0
How does salt melt ice and snow ?	5
What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?	0
What does laser stand for ?	5
Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?	1
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?	0
How far away is the moon ?	2
What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?	1
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?	5
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?	5
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?	5
Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?	1
What is DTMF ?	3
Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .	4
What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?	4
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?	1
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?	0
What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?	0
What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?	4
When did Amtrak begin operations ?	2
How many bones are in the human hand ?	2
How many chemical elements are there ?	2
What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?	0
What are the three most populated countries in the world ?	0
Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?	1
What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?	2
What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?	2
What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?	4
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?	5
What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?	4
What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?	4
What is the largest office block in the world ?	0
Who turned all he touched to gold ?	1
What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?	4
Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?	1
What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?	0
Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?	1
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?	2
What 's a male witch called ?	4
How long does cocaine stay in your system ?	2
What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?	0
Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?	1
On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?	2
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	1
What happens to used motor oil ?	5
What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?	4
What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?	1
How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?	2
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?	5
Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?	1
What did Tristan come back as ?	4
What country will hit the year 2 first ?	0
What colors make up a rainbow ?	4
What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?	4
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?	1
What is Goldfinger 's first name ?	1
What square is the geographical center of London ?	0
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?	1
What is the most populated city in the world ?	0
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?	2
What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?	2
What does JESSICA mean ?	3
What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?	4
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?	4
Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?	0
What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?	5
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?	5
What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?	4
What is Boston Kreme ?	5
Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?	1
How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?	2
What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?	1
What is a swatch ?	5
What does Ouija mean ?	5
How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?	2
What kind of fish is a coney ?	4
What state did Helen Keller call home ?	0
What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?	1
What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?	5
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?	5
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?	2
What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?	0
What film was Jude Law in ?	4
Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?	1
What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?	4
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?	1
What is a fear of going to bed ?	4
Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?	5
Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?	5
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?	2
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?	0
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?	2
What is the `` Global Economy '' ?	5
Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?	1
What is a caul ?	5
Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?	1
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?	1
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?	5
What is a bone marrow transplant ?	5
What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?	5
What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?	0
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?	4
What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?	0
What does an edentulous smile lack ?	4
What is a fear of jealousy ?	4
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?	0
What is the largest sculpture in the world ?	4
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?	2
What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?	0
What is home banking ?	5
What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?	4
Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?	1
How do hermit crabs reproduce ?	5
Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?	1
How do you stop junk snail mail ?	5
What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?	1
How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?	2
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?	0
Where is Belize located ?	0
What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?	4
What did Thomas Paine write ?	4
Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?	1
Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?	1
What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?	4
Who wrote Brave New World ?	1
What state does Charles Robb represent ?	0
What is hydroelectricity ?	5
How many people are taller than 7 feet ?	2
Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?	1
How many islands make up Antigua ?	2
How does an abacus work ?	5
What causes rust ?	5
What is the fear of the computer called ?	4
What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?	4
What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?	0
What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?	1
What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?	5
Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?	1
What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?	4
What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?	1
What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?	4
Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?	1
Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?	1
What is splatterpunk ?	5
What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?	5
Who built the first pyramid ?	1
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?	0
What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?	0
What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?	4
What is a 2-sided object called ?	4
Name a French fascist party .	1
Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .	4
What movie has made the most money ?	4
What is time ?	5
How many states have a lottery ?	2
What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?	0
What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?	4
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?	2
How many cities are there in Utah ?	2
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?	1
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?	2
What is the population of Mexico ?	2
How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?	5
What is the best online games site ?	0
Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?	5
What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?	2
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?	2
What is a cake of soap ?	5
In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?	2
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?	2
What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?	2
What does MSG stand for ?	3
On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?	0
Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?	0
Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?	0
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?	2
What is April 's gemstone ?	4
What is the present Pope named ?	1
Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?	1
What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?	4
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?	4
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?	4
How many bytes are in a terabyte ?	2
Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?	1
In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?	4
Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?	2
What country 's flag is field green ?	0
What sport is known for hooligans ?	4
Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?	1
Who was Damocles ?	1
What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?	4
Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .	1
When was the Congress of Vienna ?	2
What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?	5
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?	2
What year was the first automobile manufactured ?	2
How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?	2
How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?	2
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?	1
What concerts are held in New York this week ?	4
In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?	1
What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?	5
How old is Benny Carter ?	2
What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?	1
What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?	4
Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?	0
What is idealab ! ?	5
What country borders the most others ?	0
What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?	3
What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?	0
Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?	4
What is Win Rah ?	5
Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?	5
What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?	1
What does VCR stand for ?	3
How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?	5
Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .	4
Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?	1
What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?	1
How do boats float ?	5
What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?	2
Who founded the Unification Church ?	1
How many zeros are there in a trillion ?	2
What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?	4
What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?	1
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?	2
What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?	1
What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?	2
Where does tuberculosis come from ?	0
Who invented the lawnmower ?	1
Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?	0
What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?	4
What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?	1
What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?	4
What playing card symbolizes death ?	4
What is an urban legend ?	5
What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?	1
How many liberty bells have there been ?	2
What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?	0
What is Smartnet ?	5
What is a synonym for aspartame ?	4
Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?	0
What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?	5
Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''	4
What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?	1
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?	2
Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?	4
What animal do buffalo wings come from ?	4
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?	5
When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?	2
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?	5
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?	5
Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?	0
What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?	0
What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?	4
What is the feudal system ?	5
Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?	1
What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?	4
What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?	0
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?	0
What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?	5
Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?	4
What are the components of polyester ?	4
What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?	4
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?	1
What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?	1
What is the longest river in the United States ?	0
What does the channel ESPN stand for ?	3
What river is Windsor Castle on ?	0
What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?	4
Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?	0
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?	5
What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?	1
What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?	4
What is the name of a Greek god ?	1
What 's the capital of Taiwan ?	0
What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?	4
What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?	2
What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?	1
What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?	4
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?	2
What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?	0
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?	1
CNN is an acronym for what ?	3
What is the origin of the name Igor ?	5
What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?	4
What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?	1
Where in the United States do people live the longest ?	0
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?	0
What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?	2
What was the first minimum wage ?	2
What is the difference between a college and a university ?	5
What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?	4
What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''	5
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?	5
What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''	4
What effect does a prism have on light ?	5
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?	2
What is software piracy ?	5
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?	2
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?	5
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?	1
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?	2
What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?	1
What are some children 's rights ?	5
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	0
What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?	1
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?	1
What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?	4
Who was Red Grange ?	1
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?	1
What series of trials followed World War II ?	4
What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?	1
Who invented the fax machine ?	1
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?	2
How is the element strontium purified ?	5
What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?	4
Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?	1
What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?	1
How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?	5
Who was Santos-Dumont ?	1
How many meters are in a mile ?	2
What is a fear of money ?	4
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?	2
Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?	1
Who is Robin Williams ?	1
Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?	1
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?	1
How do you make dumplings ?	5
What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?	0
The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?	4
What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?	1
What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?	4
What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?	4
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?	5
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .	1
What country borders Denmark to the south ?	0
What should you do for an ankle sprain ?	5
What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?	4
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?	4
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?	1
What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?	1
Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?	0
What is thermal equilibrium ?	5
What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?	4
What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?	1
What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?	5
How many neurons are in the human brain ?	2
What is a fear of reptiles ?	4
What does Knight Ridder publish ?	4
What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?	0
What can one see in Reims ?	4
How is an executioner determined ?	5
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?	0
What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?	4
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?	5
What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?	0
What city is served by McCarren Airport ?	0
How many lakes are there on the Earth ?	2
What is Doegs ?	5
Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?	1
How long does a fly live ?	2
What two major world religions began in India ?	4
How many pounds are there in a stone ?	2
What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?	4
What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?	4
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?	5
What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?	2
How do you select wine ?	5
Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?	1
How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?	2
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?	2
What is a fear of stings ?	4
Jude Law was in what movie ?	4
What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?	0
What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?	4
Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?	0
Who is the leader of India ?	1
Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?	1
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?	2
What is infomatics ?	5
What is the purpose of BIOS ?	5
Where is the Keck telescope ?	0
What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?	4
Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?	0
Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?	1
What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?	0
What are some good medical sites for information ?	0
What does a resurrectionist steal ?	4
Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?	5
What is the best art and design school in the world ?	1
What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?	4
Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?	1
What does NASA stand for ?	3
Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?	4
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?	2
What manufacturers are there in Texas ?	1
Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?	1
Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?	1
What is a pig in a poke ?	5
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?	0
Where is Los Vegas ?	0
Name the country which Honecker lived in .	0
What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?	0
What is a cullion ?	5
What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?	0
What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?	1
What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?	5
Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?	0
What university fired Angela Davis ?	1
What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?	0
In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?	1
In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?	4
Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?	1
What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?	0
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?	5
Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?	0
What is barnstorming ?	5
What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?	4
What was the importance of Magellan ?	5
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?	2
What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?	5
Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?	1
What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?	3
Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?	1
What four tastes can a human distinguish ?	4
What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?	1
What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?	4
How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?	2
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?	2
What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?	5
What date is Boxing Day ?	2
How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?	2
What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?	4
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?	2
What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?	5
Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?	1
What is a leper ?	5
What was Einstein 's birthplace ?	0
What was George Washington afraid of ?	4
What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?	2
Who wrote the Bible ?	1
What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?	4
What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?	5
Who is Henry Butler ?	1
What debts did Qintex group leave ?	2
Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?	1
What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?	4
What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?	4
What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?	1
Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?	0
Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?	0
What is a philanthropist ?	5
What is a portal ?	5
What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?	4
What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?	4
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?	2
How many types of cheese are there in France ?	2
How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?	2
How many websites are there in the world ?	2
What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?	4
Who made the first airplane ?	1
What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?	4
What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?	4
How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?	2
How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?	5
What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?	0
How do they produce vitamins ?	5
The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?	1
What do penguins eat ?	4
What organization is the Security Council a part of ?	1
What is New England 's highest mountain ?	0
What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?	4
What does idle mean ?	5
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?	5
What is a serigraph ?	5
What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?	4
Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?	1
Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?	1
What year did the War of 1812 begin ?	2
What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?	4
What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?	5
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?	4
Who is Peter Weir ?	1
What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?	4
What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''	5
How many verses are in the Bible ?	2
What is endometriosis ?	5
What is a geoscientist ?	5
What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?	1
What are all the different types of pizza ?	4
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?	5
In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?	0
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?	0
What does BTU mean ?	3
What government department did The Untouchables work for ?	1
What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?	4
What is the VDRL test of blood ?	5
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	2
What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?	1
Where is the largest dam in the world ?	0
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?	1
What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?	1
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?	2
Why is hockey so violent ?	5
In what part of the world is Mozambique ?	0
Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?	1
What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?	4
Who created Maudie Frickett ?	1
What is a leaky heart valve ?	5
How can I give myself a French manicure ?	5
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?	1
What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?	5
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?	2
Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?	1
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?	0
Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?	1
On what river is Strasbourg built ?	0
What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?	2
What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?	0
Where are the busiest ports in the world ?	0
What is the pig population of the world ?	2
How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?	5
What city does McCarren Airport serve ?	0
What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?	2
What are the Low Countries ?	5
What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?	4
Aspartame is also called what ?	4
What is a fear of trees ?	4
What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?	1
How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?	2
What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?	4
Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?	1
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?	5
In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?	3
To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?	4
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?	5
Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?	0
What exactly is radiation ?	5
What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?	0
Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?	1
What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?	1
What river runs through Liverpool ?	0
What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?	4
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?	2
What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?	4
What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?	5
When was child labor abolished ?	2
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?	2
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?	2
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?	5
What 's the longest river in Canada ?	0
What is osteichthyes ?	5
What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?	1
How do you do a topic outline ?	5
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?	1
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?	2
How many millimeters are in a mile ?	2
How big is a baby bald eagle ?	2
What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?	4
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?	4
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?	2
How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?	5
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?	4
What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?	4
What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?	0
What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?	4
What is the fastest computer ?	4
Who founded the modern theory of probability ?	1
What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?	4
How many people did Randy Craft murder ?	2
Who 's The King of Swing ?	1
What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?	1
What does the term glory hole mean ?	5
What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?	1
What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?	5
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?	2
When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?	2
What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?	4
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?	5
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?	2
What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?	2
How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?	5
Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?	1
Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?	1
What is a fear of sourness ?	4
What was Thatcher 's first name ?	1
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?	5
What do insects do through their spiracles ?	5
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .	1
What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?	4
What is the origin of Boxing Day ?	5
What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?	4
What is a fear of rejection ?	4
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?	5
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?	1
What is the best selling computer model ever ?	4
What is a fear of food ?	4
Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?	1
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?	2
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?	5
What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?	5
Name of King Arthur 's sword ?	4
What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?	4
Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?	1
Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?	1
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?	2
What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?	5
What does the name Calder mean ?	5
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?	1
What is the location of McCarren Airport ?	0
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?	3
What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?	4
What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?	4
What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?	5
What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?	4
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?	2
What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?	1
Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?	1
How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?	2
What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?	4
What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?	4
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?	0
What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?	2
Where is Rider College ?	0
Where was chop suey invented ?	0
How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?	5
What is Archimedes famous for ?	5
Where does dew come from ?	0
How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?	2
What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?	4
What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?	0
What do you call a book of quotes ?	4
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?	2
What are some mythology websites ?	0
What is cunnilingus ?	5
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?	1
What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?	4
What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?	0
What is object-oriented design ?	5
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?	5
What is the population of Kansas ?	2
Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?	1
What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?	1
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?	1
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?	2
Name the tree growing company .	1
What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?	4
How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?	5
Where did the world come from ?	0
What does verdandi mean ?	5
What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?	4
What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?	0
Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?	1
What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?	5
How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?	5
How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?	2
How can you define time ?	5
What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?	0
What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?	2
What does HIV stand for ?	3
What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?	4
How is plastic made ?	5
What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?	4
What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?	4
How do ants have sex ?	5
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?	1
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?	2
What is HDLC ?	3
What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?	4
What is a nematode ?	5
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?	5
What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?	4
What does a phobophobe fear ?	4
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?	5
What country has the highest arson rate ?	0
What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?	4
What do sailors use to measure time ?	4
Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?	1
What city does Orly Airport serve ?	0
Where did Woodstock take place ?	0
What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?	4
What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?	1
What is the average time to kiss somene ?	2
What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?	0
What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?	1
Where can one find Rider College ?	0
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?	2
Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?	5
What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?	4
What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?	1
What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?	4
What does the word affiant mean ?	5
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?	4
How big is Australia ?	2
What does it take to be a hero ?	4
How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?	5
What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?	4
What is a fear of ruin ?	4
What countries have the most auto thefts ?	0
Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?	1
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?	1
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?	1
What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?	4
What does the word terrorism mean ?	5
Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?	1
What does N est-ce pas mean ?	5
Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .	4
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?	5
What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?	1
How can I get a CCT diagram ?	5
Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?	1
What is the most popular sports car color ?	4
What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?	0
What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?	4
What is a plant supplement ?	5
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?	0
What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?	4
When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?	1
How do you do a bibliography page ?	5
What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?	1
What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?	4
Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?	0
How loud is thunder ?	2
What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?	1
What is an ecological niche ?	5
Who is Desmond Tutu ?	1
Who was the first person to study the stars ?	1
Where did the term fireplug come from ?	5
What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?	5
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?	1
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?	1
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?	2
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?	2
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?	0
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?	5
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?	2
How many elephants are left on earth ?	2
What is a softball made of ?	4
What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?	4
Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?	1
What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?	4
When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?	2
What is a drought ?	5
What are the benefits of home school ?	5
What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?	0
What is the best-selling book of all time ?	4
What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?	5
What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?	4
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?	2
Where can I get mailing lists ?	0
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?	0
Who is the owner of CNN ?	1
How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?	2
What country lies directly south of Detroit ?	0
Where did surfing originate ?	0
Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?	5
How do companies cut paper so thin ?	5
What is the tallest mountain ?	0
What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?	5
What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?	5
What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?	2
What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?	4
What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?	4
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?	4
How many different countries export coffee ?	2
What is a fear of everything ?	4
How many continents are there ?	2
Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?	4
What is office automation ?	5
What instrument does Benny Carter play ?	4
What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?	1
What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?	4
What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?	1
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?	1
What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?	5
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?	2
Where did the Maya people live ?	0
What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?	4
What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?	1
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?	5
Kosovo is a province of what country ?	0
What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?	0
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?	3
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?	2
Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?	1
What did the ancients call the four great elements ?	4
Where are the Haversian canals ?	0
What animal 's tail is called a brush ?	4
How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?	2
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?	4
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?	1
Where can I find the status of my tax return ?	0
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?	2
What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?	4
How do wasps make their nests ?	5
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?	2
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?	2
What kind of crystals exist ?	4
Which is the best opening move in chess ?	4
What do ladybugs eat ?	4
Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?	1
What is the Taj Majal made of ?	4
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?	0
What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?	1
What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?	0
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?	5
What happened to Pompeii ?	5
What does a farrier put shoes on ?	4
Name a Sioux language .	4
What does saliva consist of ?	4
What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?	1
How many people have died of tuberculosis ?	2
What is another name for nearsightedness ?	4
How many days does a typical mayfly live ?	2
What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''	1
What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?	0
What is the definition of a witch ?	5
What are the cookies in Internet ?	5
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?	2
Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?	1
What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?	1
What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?	5
What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?	1
Why are so many umbrellas black ?	5
What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?	1
Who was the first American world chess champion ?	1
What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?	4
Who was the last woman executed in England ?	1
How many school districts are there in the United States ?	2
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?	2
What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?	1
What does snafu stand for ?	3
What color is Chablis ?	4
What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?	1
How much iron is in your body ?	2
What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?	5
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?	2
What are some good fractal web sites ?	0
What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?	0
What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?	4
How do cameras take pictures ?	5
How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?	2
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?	1
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?	0
How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?	2
Where is Webster University ?	0
What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?	4
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?	4
How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?	2
How old is Britney Spears ?	2
Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?	0
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?	5
What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?	0
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	5
What is proposition 98 about ?	5
What town was the setting for The Music Man ?	0
What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?	4
What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?	4
Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?	5
What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?	1
What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?	4
Who made the first airplane that could fly ?	1
What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?	4
Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?	0
What makes salt ?	5
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?	2
How high is the city of Denver ?	2
Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?	1
When was Florida admitted into the Union ?	2
What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?	1
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?	2
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?	0
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?	2
How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?	2
What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?	4
What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?	1
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?	1
What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?	1
Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?	5
What is lung cancer ?	5
What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?	1
What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?	1
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?	2
What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?	4
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?	2
Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?	0
How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?	2
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?	2
What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?	0
Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?	5
What does it take to become a lawyer ?	4
What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?	1
Who invented the fountain ?	1
What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?	0
What causes an earthquake ?	5
What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?	1
What are the main blood vessels ?	4
What does `` saute '' mean ?	5
Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?	0
What type is a snail ?	4
Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?	1
Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?	0
How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?	2
What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?	4
What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?	0
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?	0
Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?	5
What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?	5
What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?	4
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?	2
How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?	4
What are super balls made of ?	4
What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?	1
What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?	4
Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?	1
What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?	1
How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?	2
How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?	2
What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?	1
What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?	4
How tall is Prince Charles ?	2
What is the weight of air ?	2
What is a fear of children ?	4
What is ouzo ?	5
What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?	4
What is the capital of Uruguay ?	0
What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?	3
How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?	2
Who is William Wordsworth ?	1
What is making love ?	5
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?	1
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?	2
What are the largest deserts in the world ?	0
Where is Qatar ?	0
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?	5
What is the richest state in the U.S. ?	0
Who is the prime minister in Norway ?	1
What is a urologist ?	5
What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?	1
What 's bottled in jeroboams ?	4
Who won the rugby world cup in ?	1
What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?	1
How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?	2
How many pins are used in skittles ?	2
What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?	5
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?	0
Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?	1
Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?	1
How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?	2
What is the history of the hairdryer ?	5
Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?	4
What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?	4
What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	5
What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?	0
What is a fear of sinning ?	4
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?	0
What was the first minimum wage ?	2
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?	0
What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?	0
How many types of lemurs are there ?	2
What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?	4
What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?	4
What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?	1
What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?	1
What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?	1
How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?	2
Who was Darth Vader 's son ?	1
What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?	4
What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?	4
How do you make a million bucks ?	5
Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?	1
What is the largest city in Connecticut ?	0
What is the population of the United States ?	2
What actor and actress have made the most movies ?	1
What is the definition of spamming ?	5
Who found Hawaii ?	1
What does IQ stand for ?	3
Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?	0
When did the American Civil War end ?	2
What country is the largest diamond producer ?	0
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?	2
What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''	4
What is a fear of women ?	4
Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?	1
What are dinosaur droppings called ?	4
What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?	5
What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?	4
When did the vesuvius last erupt ?	2
What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?	4
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?	2
What kind of mammal is a colt ?	4
Who created Harry Lime ?	1
Why do many Native American students not complete college ?	5
What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?	4
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?	1
What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?	4
What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?	4
What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?	4
What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?	1
What 's the capital of Monaco ?	0
What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?	2
How big is the Electoral College ?	2
What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?	4
What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?	4
Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?	1
Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?	1
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?	2
What state is the Filenes store located in ?	0
How does a bill become law ?	5
What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?	2
What is a disaccharide ?	5
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?	5
What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?	4
How do you buy stocks ?	5
What does appropriates money mean ?	5
What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?	1
Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?	0
Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?	1
How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?	5
Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?	1
What is a `` False Moon '' ?	5
What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?	4
What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?	4
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?	4
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?	2
How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?	2
When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?	2
In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?	4
How long was the longest sneezing attack ?	2
How can I get rich quick ?	5
How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?	5
What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?	4
What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?	0
What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?	1
What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?	4
What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?	5
What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?	4
When did Nixon visit China ?	2
What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?	2
What country owns Corsica ?	0
How many queen bees reign in a hive ?	2
What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?	4
What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?	4
What is RAM in the computer ?	3
What is a `` repeating voter '' ?	5
What are dingoes ?	5
Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?	0
What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?	4
How can I get someone 's email address ?	5
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?	2
What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?	0
How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?	5
In what year was the Wall built ?	2
Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .	1
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?	0
What are pomegranates ?	5
Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?	5
What does Robin Williams do ?	1
What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?	0
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?	0
What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?	4
How do they find an epicenter ?	5
When was Christ born ?	2
Where do quality drinks begin ?	0
In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?	4
What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	4
Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?	1
What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?	4
What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?	0
Who killed Martin Luther King ?	1
Who owns the rights on a TV program ?	1
What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?	5
What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?	5
What was Mae West 's last film ?	4
What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?	4
Who invented Astroturf ?	1
What makes you fat ?	5
Name a flying mammal .	4
What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?	2
What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?	0
What is the world record for the longest hair ?	2
What English word contains the most letters ?	4
How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?	5
What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?	1
How does James Bond like his martinis ?	5
What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?	0
What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?	4
What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?	1
What is a wet dream ?	5
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?	0
What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''	1
What happened to Pepsi Clear ?	5
How much does one ton of cement cost ?	2
What is a Mexican hairless ?	5
What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?	1
Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?	0
What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?	4
Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?	1
What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?	1
How did Socrates die ?	5
How many sides does an obelisk have ?	2
What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?	4
What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?	4
What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?	1
How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?	5
What songs were popular in 1948 ?	4
In what year was the cannon invented ?	2
How many languages does the Pope speak ?	2
What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?	0
What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?	1
What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''	1
What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?	4
What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?	5
Who was the first woman in space ?	1
What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?	4
What professional sports league originated the college draft ?	1
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?	5
Who discovered imaginary numbers ?	1
Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?	1
How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?	2
What religion has the most members ?	4
How many calories are there in a glass of water ?	2
Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?	1
What is SVHS ?	3
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	2
Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?	0
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?	5
What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?	0
How many countries watch MTV Europe ?	2
What is SAP ?	3
What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?	4
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?	2
What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?	5
In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?	5
What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?	3
Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?	0
Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?	1
How many eyes does a bat have ?	2
How do you say 2 in Latin ?	4
What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?	4
What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?	4
What is the origin of the word nevermind ?	5
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?	1
What is power steering ?	5
Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?	0
What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?	1
What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?	0
Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?	1
How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?	5
What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?	0
How many maids were milking ?	2
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?	0
What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?	4
What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?	4
What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?	4
What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?	4
Name four comic strips about pilots .	4
What geological time do we live in ?	2
How do you dunk ?	5
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?	0
How do plants make food ?	5
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?	0
How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?	5
When was China 's first nuclear test ?	2
What is the name given to a group of geese ?	4
Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?	5
How do I find a snowboarding website ?	5
What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?	1
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?	2
Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?	5
What is a turnkey contract ?	5
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?	5
Why is the mile 528 feet ?	5
What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?	0
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?	5
Who is Edmund Kemper ?	1
What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?	1
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?	2
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?	1
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?	1
What character narrates Treasure Island ?	1
What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?	3
Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?	1
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	2
What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?	1
Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?	1
When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?	1
When was the bar-code invented ?	2
What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?	4
What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?	1
What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?	4
What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?	1
How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?	5
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?	2
Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?	1
What is InterLata Internet service ?	5
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?	1
What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?	5
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	0
How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?	2
What is `` alternative '' anymore ?	5
Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?	5
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?	1
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?	2
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?	2
What are the four railways in Monopoly ?	1
What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?	0
What does BMW stand for ?	3
Name the highest mountain .	0
What is a biologist ?	5
What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?	5
What island is home to statues called Mauis ?	0
What is a fear of black people ?	4
What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?	4
What was the worst hurricane ?	4
How can I get started in writing for television ?	5
Where was Pythagoras born ?	0
What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?	4
What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?	2
What is LMDS ?	3
Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?	1
Who is the leader of Brunei ?	1
What is the capital of Italy ?	0
What game does Garry Kasparov play ?	4
How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?	5
What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?	4
What is the greatest hiking Web site ?	0
What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?	2
What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?	4
Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?	1
Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?	1
What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?	4
How many people live in cities ?	2
How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?	2
What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?	1
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?	1
What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?	0
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?	1
What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?	4
What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?	0
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?	2
How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?	5
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?	5
How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?	2
What turns blue litmus paper red ?	4
Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?	1
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?	2
What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?	4
What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?	4
What is a fear of machinery ?	4
Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?	1
In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?	0
What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?	4
What is the largest city in Texas ?	0
What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?	1
What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?	4
Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?	0
What was the longest war in U.S. history ?	4
What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?	5
What are the five richest countries in the world ?	0
Where is McCarren Airport ?	0
What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?	1
How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?	2
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?	2
Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?	1
Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?	1
What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?	5
Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?	1
What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?	4
Name Dick Tracy 's two children .	1
What is a fear of points ?	4
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?	2
How can SQL queries be improved ?	5
What is the most radioactive food ?	4
What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?	1
How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?	2
Who gave King Arthur the round table ?	1
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?	0
How do you make a computer chip ?	5
Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?	1
Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?	1
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?	1
What is Linux ?	5
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?	2
What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?	1
What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?	4
What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?	4
What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?	4
Which king signed the Magna Carta ?	1
What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?	4
What is agent orange ?	5
Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .	1
How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?	2
In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?	4
Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?	5
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?	1
Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?	5
What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?	5
How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?	2
How many people own pets ?	2
What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?	0
What is a fear of lice ?	4
How long does it take different materials to decompose ?	2
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	2
What was Darth Vader 's son named ?	1
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?	5
What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?	1
Where is McCarren Airport located ?	0
How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?	5
What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?	0
How many Marx Brothers were there ?	2
How tall is the Matterhorn ?	2
What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?	0
When was Babe Ruth born ?	2
Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?	1
What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?	4
What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?	0
How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?	2
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?	5
What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?	4
Where are diamonds mined ?	0
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?	5
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?	2
Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?	1
Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?	1
What company produces Spumante ?	1
What is the origin of music ?	5
What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?	3
What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?	1
What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?	1
How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?	2
What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?	0
What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?	0
How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?	2
Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?	1
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?	5
What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?	1
Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?	4
How much in miles is a ten K run ?	2
When was Beethoven born ?	2
Who is the most sexy celebrity ?	1
What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?	1
Where did the ukulele originate ?	0
Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?	1
What does seccession mean ?	5
Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?	1
What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?	0
Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?	1
What will the weather be today ?	5
Who is the President of Ghana ?	1
Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?	4
What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?	0
How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?	2
What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?	1
What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?	0
What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?	2
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?	5
Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?	1
How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?	2
What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?	1
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?	0
What is the Golden Rule ?	5
What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?	4
What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?	4
How does color affect a person psychologically ?	5
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?	2
What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?	4
What is sound ?	5
What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?	4
What are the current immigration laws in US ?	5
What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?	4
Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?	5
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?	4
Where was Tesla born ?	0
What does Larry King do for a living ?	1
Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?	1
When did Jaco Pastorius die ?	2
What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?	4
What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?	4
What 's the most common street name in America ?	0
What is the difference between khaki and chino ?	5
What is the origin of infinity ?	5
What alloy do copper and tin form ?	4
What plants are found in an estuary ?	4
What are the side effects of mevacor ?	5
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?	0
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?	5
What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?	4
Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?	1
What country has problems with hooligans ?	0
What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?	0
How often are brain cells replaced ?	2
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?	2
What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?	4
What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?	0
What did Abolitionists try to end ?	4
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?	2
Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?	5
What year did Charles Dicken die ?	2
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?	4
What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?	1
What is a fear of night or darkness ?	4
What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?	5
How was Lawrence	5
How do I know if I am pregnant ?	5
When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?	2
What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?	1
What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?	1
Who was Confucius ?	1
What snack food has ridges ?	4
What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?	4
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?	5
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?	2
What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?	0
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?	2
What is the habitat of the chickadee ?	0
What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?	4
Which of the five senses develops first ?	4
Where did the name root beer come from ?	5
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?	0
What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?	2
Where is the largest post office building in the world ?	0
Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?	1
Who was the first animal into space ?	4
What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?	4
What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?	4
Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?	5
What 's the state motto of California ?	5
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?	5
What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?	1
What does the acronym CPR mean ?	3
The Jewish alphabet is called what ?	4
What are the Baltic States ?	5
How many endangered species are there in the world ?	2
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?	0
Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?	1
Who invented basketball ?	1
How has TV affected our society ?	5
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?	2
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?	1
What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?	1
What is osmosis ?	5
What format was the major competition of VHS ?	4
What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?	1
What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?	4
Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?	4
What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?	1
How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?	2
What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?	0
What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?	1
What are the seven deadly sins ?	5
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?	2
What does the name Melissa mean ?	5
What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?	5
How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?	2
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?	2
What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?	4
What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?	4
What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?	4
Who domesticated the wild turkey ?	1
How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?	5
What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?	4
What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?	0
What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?	5
What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?	0
What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?	4
What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?	4
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?	1
What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?	5
What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?	5
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .	1
What does RCA stand for ?	3
Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?	5
What 's the singular of dice ?	4
Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?	1
What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?	4
What was the first video ever made ?	4
What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?	4
What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?	1
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?	1
What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?	1
Where is the Taj Mahal ?	0
What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?	5
In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?	0
What is the first day of the week ?	2
What is goulash ?	5
What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?	0
Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .	4
How does a parachute work ?	5
What is the first book of the Old Testament ?	4
How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?	2
What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?	5
What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?	0
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?	1
What is object-oriented design ?	5
What does Melissa mean ?	5
What is form drag ?	5
Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?	4
Where are good science sites on the Internet ?	0
What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?	1
What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?	5
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?	1
Who designed London Bridge ?	1
How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?	2
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?	2
What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?	4
How can I stop or slow down aging ?	5
Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?	0
How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?	2
How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?	5
Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?	1
How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?	5
How tall was the animated King Kong ?	2
What are values ?	5
What is the population of Japan ?	2
Name an American made motorcycle .	4
Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?	0
How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?	2
How many events make up the decathlon ?	2
What causes blue balls ?	5
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?	0
Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?	1
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?	1
Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?	1
What does a chef coddle eggs in ?	4
How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?	2
What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?	0
What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?	1
Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?	0
Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''	1
What is the capital of Kosovo ?	0
What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?	1
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?	2
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?	0
How did the months of the year get there name ?	5
What scale measures earthquakes ?	4
What is a glory hole ?	5
What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?	4
What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?	1
What college did Joe Namath play football for ?	1
What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?	2
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?	0
How does it make its colors ?	5
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?	5
When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?	2
What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?	5
What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?	0
What is the weather like on the moon ?	5
Who was the 1st U.S. President ?	1
What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?	4
How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?	2
What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?	3
How many people hike ?	2
What are boxcars ?	5
How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?	5
Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?	1
What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?	4
Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?	1
How can you tell when figs are ripe ?	5
How do I love thee ?	5
Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?	4
What nationality is a Sicilian ?	0
What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?	1
Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?	1
What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?	4
What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?	4
How does a hydroelectric dam work ?	5
What is the oldest building in the United States ?	0
What is the West Virginia state animal ?	4
How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?	2
What are binomial coefficients ?	5
What was The Living Room War ?	5
What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?	4
What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?	2
What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?	4
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?	5
How many people died in the Vietnam war ?	2
What year did Montana become a state ?	2
When was the USSR dissolved ?	2
Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?	5
What Japanese city was once called Edo ?	0
Who did the Seven Mules block for ?	1
What is the world 's largest distilling company ?	1
What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?	1
Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?	0
Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?	1
What household products are there for adult acne ?	4
What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?	1
What is the most expensive car in the world ?	4
What is an Angelus ?	5
How many objects orbit the Earth ?	2
What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?	4
What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?	0
What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?	4
What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?	0
How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?	2
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?	2
What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?	1
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?	1
How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?	2
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?	0
What makes sperm ?	5
How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?	5
What does the dot on the letter i mean ?	5
Who wrote The Godfather ?	1
What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?	5
What is the frequency of VHF ?	2
What sport does Chris Jogis play ?	4
What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?	0
What is a fear of robbers ?	4
What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?	4
What is the cause of endangered species ?	5
Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?	1
What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?	4
What is the softest part of the body ?	4
What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?	1
How many islands does Fiji have ?	2
What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?	4
What is the definition of cecum ?	5
Who invented volleyball ?	1
What 's the most powerful country in the world ?	0
How do I do this ?	5
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?	1
Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?	1
What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?	5
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?	2
What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?	1
Who invented the horoscope ?	1
What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?	4
What are Fortune 500 companies ?	5
What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?	5
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?	1
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?	2
What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?	1
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?	2
Where do lobsters like to live ?	0
Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?	1
What are the wolverine habits ?	4
How do you fix squeaky floors ?	5
When was the Big Thompson flood ?	2
What good are mosquitoes ?	5
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?	5
What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?	4
Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?	1
How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?	2
What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?	1
What is the Peloponnesian League ?	5
What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?	0
How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?	2
Who invented television ?	1
What are tannins ?	5
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?	5
What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?	4
Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .	1
What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?	4
What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?	4
What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?	1
What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?	2
How many muscles does an oyster have ?	2
What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?	4
Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?	1
What is the collective noun for geese ?	4
What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?	5
Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?	0
What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?	4
What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?	1
What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?	4
What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?	4
What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?	4
Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?	1
What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?	1
Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?	1
In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?	1
Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?	1
How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?	2
What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?	4
What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?	2
Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?	1
What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?	4
What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?	0
Who is the richest woman in the world ?	1
Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?	0
What caused the death of Bob Marley ?	5
What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?	1
What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?	4
What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?	0
Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?	1
What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?	1
What is Sinn Fein ?	5
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?	4
What do river otters eat ?	4
Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?	1
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?	1
What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?	0
What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?	4
What did Vasco da Gama discover ?	4
What is Megan 's law ?	5
Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?	0
Where 's Montenegro ?	0
What is usenet for the Internet ?	5
What are field effect transistors ?	5
What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?	4
What is witch hazel ?	5
What is state tree of Nebraska ?	4
Where is Glasgow ?	0
Why is Chicago named Chicago ?	5
What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?	4
What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?	5
What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?	4
What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?	0
What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?	1
Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?	0
What does a pedometer measure ?	4
What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?	2
How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?	2
Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .	1
What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?	1
What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?	1
Who owns CNN ?	1
About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?	2
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?	2
What is an auto-commentary ?	5
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?	0
What is deconstructionism ?	5
What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?	5
What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?	4
What is a fear of speaking ?	4
What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?	4
Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?	5
What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?	5
What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?	1
How is saline used in medicine ?	5
What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?	4
What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?	4
What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?	0
What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?	1
What is the capital of Congo ?	0
What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?	5
What is a country that starts with the letter x ?	0
What countries earn the most from tourism ?	0
What is the Internet2 ?	5
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?	0
When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?	2
Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?	1
What is the most common name ?	1
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?	1
What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?	4
When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?	2
What is the Milky Way ?	5
What is Remembrance Day all about ?	5
What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?	4
What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?	1
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?	1
Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?	1
Where are zebras most likely found ?	0
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?	2
What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?	0
What is meant by `` capital market '' ?	5
In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?	5
What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?	4
Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?	4
What is the difference between hair and fur ?	5
What is the difference between love and infatuation ?	5
Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .	1
What foods contain vitamin B12 ?	4
What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?	2
What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?	4
What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?	0
How big is the largest diamond ?	2
What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?	4
How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?	5
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?	2
How many languages are there in the world ?	2
Who was Picasso ?	1
Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?	1
Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?	1
What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?	0
What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?	1
What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?	5
Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy	0
What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?	5
What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?	5
What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?	4
Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?	5
Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?	1
What is tyvek ?	5
What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?	4
How did Asia get its name ?	5
What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?	4
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?	0
For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?	4
What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?	4
What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?	4
How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?	2
What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?	4
Who 's the only president buried in Washington	1
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?	2
Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?	1
What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?	2
What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?	0
What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?	0
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?	5
What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?	4
Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?	0
What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?	4
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?	2
How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?	2
President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?	1
What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?	1
What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?	4
What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?	1
Who created the character James Bond ?	1
What type of exercise burns the most calories ?	4
What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?	5
Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?	0
What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?	3
How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?	2
What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?	1
How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?	5
What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?	4
What is the world population as of today ?	2
What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?	5
What is humidity ?	5
What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?	4
What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?	0
What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?	1
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?	0
How many words are there in the Spanish language ?	2
Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?	0
What is the chemical formula for napalm ?	4
What is yohimbine ?	5
What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?	5
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?	2
Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?	1
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?	1
What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?	3
What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?	2
How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?	2
Where is Burma ?	0
Who wrote The Collector ?	1
Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?	1
Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?	1
What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?	1
What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?	4
What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?	4
How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?	2
Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?	1
Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?	1
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?	2
Where did the name Daniel originate ?	0
What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?	4
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?	5
How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?	2
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .	4
What are the historical trials following World War II called ?	4
What states do not have state income tax ?	0
What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?	0
What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?	5
Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''	0
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?	2
What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?	4
How many countries are there ?	2
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?	0
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?	4
What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?	1
What is the most common cancer ?	4
Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?	1
How do I contact Answers.com direct ?	5
What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?	5
What happened to Answers.com ?	5
What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?	5
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?	1
What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?	5
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?	5
How many yards are in 1 mile ?	2
What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?	1
What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?	3
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?	1
What does the name Jenna mean ?	5
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?	5
When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?	2
How did Edith Bunker die ?	5
What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?	0
Define Spumante .	5
What does pH stand for ?	3
What country is Mount Everest in ?	0
Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?	0
Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .	1
What are geckos ?	5
What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?	4
What is cosmology ?	5
How many watts make a kilowatt ?	2
What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?	4
What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?	1
Who was Jinnah ?	1
What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?	4
Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?	0
What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?	4
What is habeas corpus ?	5
How do you use an intranet ?	5
What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?	1
How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?	2
What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?	2
Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?	0
Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?	5
What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?	4
Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?	1
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?	2
What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?	4
What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?	4
What is federal income tax ?	5
What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?	1
What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?	4
What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?	4
How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?	2
What is a fear of failure ?	4
How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?	2
What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?	5
What is the best way to travel in Japan ?	4
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?	2
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?	2
Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?	1
When was the Parthenon built ?	2
What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?	4
What is a common dolphin ?	5
How is Answers.com funded ?	5
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?	2
What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?	0
How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?	2
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?	2
What does BUD stand for ?	3
Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?	1
What is a society ruled by elders ?	1
What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?	1
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?	1
What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?	1
What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?	4
Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?	4
In what war was the first submarine used ?	4
CPR is the abbreviation for what ?	3
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?	2
How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?	2
How do you find the area of a circle ?	5
What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?	0
What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?	1
What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?	5
Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .	4
How deep is a fathom ?	2
What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?	5
What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?	1
How do I find a web address for a company ?	5
What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?	2
What are some of Australia 's native flora ?	4
What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?	1
How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?	2
What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?	0
How old is the universe ?	2
When does the Bible say the seasons started ?	2
What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?	4
Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?	5
What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?	0
What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?	4
What nation boarders Mozambique ?	0
What does EKG stand for ?	3
The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?	2
What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?	1
What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?	4
Colin Powell is famous for what ?	5
The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?	4
What is a fear of home surroundings ?	4
How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?	2
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?	5
Who invented the electric guitar ?	1
What is the capital of California ?	0
What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?	0
What are faults in the earth 's crust ?	5
What was an `` Asiento '' ?	5
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?	5
How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	2
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?	5
What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?	4
What is Srpska Krajina ?	5
How was the Kennedy money made ?	5
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?	0
What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?	4
Who is the President of Pergament ?	1
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?	0
What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?	5
What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?	4
How did water appear on the earth ?	5
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?	0
What does Robert mean ?	5
How do anti-locking brakes work ?	5
What colors is magenta made of ?	4
How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?	5
Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?	4
What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?	4
What is a hormone ?	5
What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?	1
What is fellatio ?	5
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?	5
What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?	4
Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?	1
Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?	1
How were the days of the week named ?	5
Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?	1
What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?	4
What is fiber in food ?	5
What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?	4
Who is the head of the World Bank ?	1
Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?	5
What is a fear of childbirth ?	4
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?	2
What species was Winnie the Pooh ?	4
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?	2
What is the most popular last name ?	1
What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?	4
Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?	1
Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?	1
What is the S&P 500 used for ?	5
What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?	5
When was Nostradamus born ?	2
What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?	4
Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?	1
What is nuclear proliferation ?	5
Who was Maria Theresa ?	1
What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?	0
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?	5
What is the population of the largest Chilean city	2
What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?	0
What is Larry King 's occupation ?	1
Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?	1
Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?	5
What sea is Bombay on ?	0
Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?	1
What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?	5
What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?	5
What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?	1
What is the English meaning of caliente ?	5
Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?	0
What does the word `` opera '' mean ?	5
How tall was the animated Frankenstein	2
How do you ask questions ?	5
What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?	0
What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?	0
How can you become an FBI agent ?	5
What is the world 's best selling cookie ?	4
How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?	2
Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?	5
How big is the universe actually ?	2
What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?	5
What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?	1
What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?	4
How many sides does a heptagon have ?	2
What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?	4
What is idealab ! ?	5
Where are there aborigines ?	0
What toy can you make sleep ?	4
What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?	5
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?	1
On what river is Rome built ?	0
Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?	0
Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?	0
What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?	0
Why was Curious George curious ?	5
How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars	5
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?	0
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?	1
What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?	5
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?	5
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?	2
Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?	0
What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?	4
What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?	0
What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?	0
Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?	1
What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?	4
What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?	4
What did Benny Carter play ?	4
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?	2
What city 's airport is named Logan International ?	0
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	1
How many times more than 3	2
How many names are there for Eskimo people ?	2
What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?	1
What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?	4
What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?	0
What causes headaches ?	5
Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?	4
When was the first stained glass window made ?	2
What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?	1
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?	1
What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?	1
When did swimming become commonplace ?	2
Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?	1
Who was the tallest U.S. president ?	1
What is the largest museum in the world ?	0
How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .	5
What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?	1
What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?	1
How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?	2
What president also became a supreme court justice ?	1
When does menstruation begin ?	2
Where did makeup originate ?	0
What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?	4
What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?	5
What flag flies over Wake Island ?	4
How deep is a fathom ?	2
What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?	4
What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?	0
What is the most famous German word in the English language ?	4
Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?	1
What is widely used to detect birth defects ?	4
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?	2
Who killed JFK ?	1
Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?	1
What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?	5
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?	0
What are the five basic swimming strokes ?	4
Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?	1
Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?	0
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?	0
How old was George Washington when he died ?	2
What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?	4
Who made the rotary engine automobile ?	1
What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?	5
How many blacks served in the Vietnam War	2
What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?	1
What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?	0
What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?	4
Who invented panties ?	1
What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?	1
What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?	3
What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?	4
What does CPR stand for ?	3
What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?	1
What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?	4
What fruit does the ficus produce ?	4
Who is the richest person in the world ?	1
What is an aurora ?	5
How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?	2
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?	5
What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?	4
How deep is a fathom ?	2
What is the primary language of the Philippines ?	4
When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?	2
What was the Long March in China ?	5
What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?	1
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?	1
What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?	4
How many people visit the Pope each month ?	2
What planet gave bith to Superman ?	0
What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?	2
What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?	4
Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?	1
What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?	0
What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?	2
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?	2
How fast can a Corvette go ?	2
What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?	5
What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?	1
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?	5
What are the three most successful companies of our time ?	1
How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?	2
What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?	1
What is a horologist ?	5
What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?	5
Where is the group M People from ?	0
What country is famous for Persian rugs ?	0
How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?	2
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?	2
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?	5
What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?	4
What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?	4
How does a submarine operate ?	5
What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?	0
What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?	1
Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?	1
What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?	1
How is Paraguay for vacations ?	5
Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?	0
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?	3
What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?	0
How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?	2
What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?	4
What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?	4
What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?	4
What is DSL ?	3
How many small businesses are there in the United States ?	2
Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?	1
What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?	1
Where is Ayer 's rock ?	0
What 's a Craps player called ?	4
When was the Berlin Wall erected ?	2
When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?	2
What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?	4
What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?	4
What is the most widely cultivated plant ?	4
What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?	1
What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?	0
What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?	2
What police force did Mack Sennett create ?	1
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?	2
Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?	1
How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?	5
What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?	1
What 's the world 's most common compound ?	4
Where was George Washington born ?	0
How many colors are there in the spectrum ?	2
What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?	1
Define Sinn Fein .	5
What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?	0
What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?	5
What is probability theory ?	5
Who told all in Ball Four ?	1
What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?	4
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?	1
What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?	0
What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?	0
When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?	2
How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?	5
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?	2
How do you tell somebody you like them ?	5
What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?	1
Who is the president of Bolivia ?	1
What nationality is Gorbachev ?	0
Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?	1
What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?	1
Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?	1
What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?	4
What is the origin of thank you notes ?	5
Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?	1
How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?	2
What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?	4
Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?	4
Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?	5
What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?	5
What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?	0
What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?	0
How many cullions does a male have ?	2
What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?	1
Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?	1
What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?	0
Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?	1
On what continent is Mozambique ?	0
What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?	4
What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?	4
What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?	1
What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?	5
Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?	1
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?	1
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?	5
Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?	4
What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?	4
What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?	1
When was Microsoft established ?	2
When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?	2
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?	0
What is platinum ?	5
What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?	0
Who is the prime minister of Australia ?	1
What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?	0
What does the River Seine empty into ?	0
What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?	4
Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?	4
What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?	0
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?	2
Describe the Long March .	5
What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?	1
How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?	2
Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?	1
What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?	1
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?	1
Where is South Bend ?	0
What country has the most coastline ?	0
What two states is Washington D.C. between ?	0
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?	2
What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?	2
When did the art of quilting begin ?	2
Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?	5
What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?	4
What is a fear of fish ?	4
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?	2
What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?	5
What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?	1
What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?	0
What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?	4
What famous comic strip character died of acne ?	1
What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?	5
What are chloroplasts ?	5
How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?	2
Who is Zebulon Pike ?	1
What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?	4
When did communist control end in Hungary ?	2
How do I legally make my own will and testament ?	5
How do you make the color purple ?	5
What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?	4
What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?	1
How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?	2
How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?	5
How many people live in Chile ?	2
What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?	4
What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?	0
Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?	5
What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?	1
What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?	4
What country is home to Heineken beer ?	0
What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?	1
What money was used here ?	4
When did Charles Lindbergh die ?	2
How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?	2
What is the highest continent ?	0
Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?	1
What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?	5
What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?	5
Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?	0
What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?	4
In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?	0
Who was Buffalo Bill ?	1
What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?	4
What type of currency is used in China ?	4
What is the temperature today ?	2
What is the temperature for cooking ?	2
What currency is used in Australia ?	4
